Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack 
Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch 
I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back 
That's why my pen needs a pad cause my rhymes on the ra-hag 
Just like I did with addiction I'm 'bout to kick it 
Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets 
Got 'em still on the fence ready to pick it 
But quick get impaled when I tell 'em stick it 
So sick I'm looking pale, well that's my pigment 
'bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to Kendrick 
Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch! 
The art of the MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren 
And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch 
Been public enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch 

Take your shoes off, let your hair down and (go berserk), all night long 
Grow your beard out, just weird out and (go berserk), all night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down 
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the a.m. 



So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go 
Say fuck it before we kick the bucket 
Life's too short to not go for broke 
So everybody, everybody, shake your body 

Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it? 
Khakis pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced 
So I guess it ain't 
Dead after shave of cologne that made him just faint 
Plus I just showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint 
So if love is a chess game, check mate 
But girl your body's banging, jump me in, bang -- bang, bang 
Yessiree Bob I was thinking the same thing 
So come get on this kids rock, baw wit da baw, bang bang 
P-p-p-pow pow chicka wow wow 
Catch a cab, I wanna go down, br-bow-bow 
Slow it down, throw in the towel, t-t-towel towel 
Dumb it down, I don't know how, how, how, how 
At least I know that I don't know 
Question is are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid 
Hope so, now ho... 

Take your shoes off, let your hair down and (go berserk), all night long 
Grow your beard out, just weird out and (go berserk), all night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down 
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the a.m. 
So crank the bass up like crazy and let yourself go, let yourself go 
Say fuck it before we kick the bucket 
Life's too short to not go for broke 
So everybody, everybody, get your vials 

They say that love is powerful as cough syrup and Styrofoam 
All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo 
With the ugly Kardashian 
Lamar, oh sorry yo, we done both set the bar low 
Bars hard, drugs hard thought that's the past 
But I done did enough codeine to knock Future into tomorrow 
And girl I ain't got no money to borrow 
But I am tryin' to find a way to get you alone, car note! 
Oh, Marshall Mathers shouldn’t everybody know 
Get the bar soap lathered, came ghost and called Arthur’s Cargo's 
Girl you’re fixin' to get your heart broke, don’t be absurd man 
You bird brained baby I ain’t called anybody baby since Birdman 
Unless you’re a swallow 
Word, w-word man you heard, but don’t be discouraged girl 
This is your jam, unless you got toe jam 

Take your shoes off, let your hair down and (go berserk), all night long 
Grow your beard out, just weird out and (go berserk), all night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down 
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the a.m. 
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go 
Say fuck it before we kick the bucket 
Life's too short to not go for broke 
So everybody, everybody, shake your body

Jumped out of the second floor of a record store... 
With a Treacherous Four cassette and a cassette recorder 
In Ecuador with Edward Norton 
Eminem speaks out against Donald Trump on "Campaign Speech" 
Witness the metamorphosis 
Of a legend growin' like an expert swordsman 
From the Hessian War and 
Hence the origin of the Headless Horseman 
Born with the endorphins of a pathetic orphan 
Endless sores and reservoir 
Of extension cords in dresser drawers 
And deadbolts on the bedroom doors 
And sexual torture kits kept in a separate storage bin 
Excellent boyfriend 
Use intercourse to settle scores 
With women who have been vendettas towards men 
Dickhead is forced in and the shredded foreskin 
Red is torn and they're only bein' fed a portion 
Bed sores in sore shins 
Pregnant whores can get abortions



Fetish for stickin' metal forks in, self-absorption 
Skeletor, I went to Hell and fell a floor 
A predator, I'm headed for competitors 
Better warn 'em, what I lack in tact and a set of morals 
I make up for in metaphors like a cosmetic store 
Stegosaurus, Chuck Norris with a thesaurus 
Yes, of course, I mess up once 
You want some? Come and get some, boys! 
I'm givin' Daniel Pantaleo a refresher course 
On excessive force and pressure points 
And dressin' George Zimmerman in a fluorescent orange 
Dress and four inch heels to address the court 
With a bullseye on his back, his whole chest and torso 
Are left on the doorsteps of Trayvon's dad as a present for him 
In my present form I'm Desert Storm 
Appetite for destruction is no suppressant for 
Aggressive, forceful, and less remorseful in every morsel 
Unpleasant, horrible; hello, gorgeous! 
The rebel with devil horns just fell off the yellow short bus 
Met a contortionist, said, "When you wanna get sexual?" 
She said, "However I fit in your schedule. I'm flexible." 
Expired tags on the Saturn, got Catherine Bach 
In the back in Daisy Dukes with the hazards on 
At a traffic stop gettin' harassed, sign an autograph 
For this asshole cop's daughter 
Laugh 'cause I called her a brat on it 
He spat on it and brought it back lookin' half in shock 
Had a heart attack and dropped dead 
Started fallin' back with it 
And got slapped with a Colin Kaepernick practice sock 
One ball and half a dick, Apple Watch 
Crack for an axle, walked in a Bass Pro Shop with David Hasselhoff, pulled Tabasco sauce out of my satchel 
Knocked over a fisherman's tackle box and *crash sound* 
Asked if they had a laugh in stock 
That was fuckin' stupid… 
You got it twisted, all 'cause I offered this bitch 
A doggie biscuit, you call me misogynistic 
Bitch, get to massagin' this dick! 
Like spas in this bitch, slob on it, with gobs of lipstick 
Got a shoppin' list for you to run some odds and ends with 
It's not a bitch on this earth I can be monogamous with 
She's non-existent 
Robin Thicke with a throbbin' dick on some swab and slick shit 
But I shout derogatives at bitches like fuckin' missile launches 
Misfit, blond and nitwit 
Like I've gone ballistic, with a frostin' tip kit 
Screamed, "I hate blondes," and became one, I'm optimistic 
Love to start shit 
Shovin' Clark Kent's undergarments in the glove compartment 
Of the bucket, bumpin' Bubba Sparxxx 
I'm double parkin' up at Targets, trouble 'cause a double cross 
The shadiest mothafucka you'll ever come across 
Olympic gymnast, been known for some assaults 
A couple lawsuits, enough to cause a stomach ulcer 
Same damn brain scan results as Rainman's is 
Something's awful when Dustin Hoffman's 
Dressin' up in your mummy costume 
On stage dancin' to "Brain Damage", what's the problem? 
Nothing's wrong, the name brand is back to reclaim status 
Run the faucet, I'ma dunk 
A bunch of Trump supporters underwater 
Snuck up on 'em in Ray Bans in a gray van with a spray tan 
It's a wrap, like an Ace bandage 
Don't-give-a-fuck persona, to my last DNA strand 
E&J in the waistband, at the VMAs with the stagehand 
She wants kielbasa, pre-arrange an escape plan 
Three-inch blade on point, like a See-and-Say 
Consider me a dangerous man 
But you should be afraid of this dang candidate 
You say Trump don't kiss ass like a puppet 
'Cause he runs his campaign with his own cash for the fundin' 
And that's what you wanted 
A fuckin' loose cannon who's blunt with his hand on the button, who doesn't have to answer to no one – great idea! 
If I was president, gettin' off is 
The first order of business once I get in office 
Second thing that'll make me happy's walkin' up to Uncle Sam 
Naked, laughing, dick cupped in hand 
Screaming, "Fuck safe sex!" 
Throw a latex and an AIDS test at him 
Tell Congress I run this land 
And I want the rubber banned, and make it snappy 
Addiction to friction and static 
Addict who can't escape the habit 
It's in you to chase the dragon 
But as fate would have it, I walked up in major Magics 
Dressed as the maintenance man 
In a laser tag vest and a racin' jacket, with a gauge to blast it 
And sped away in the station wagon 
Stacey Dash's and Casey Anthony's
Crazy asses in the backseat 
Throwin' Stay-Free pads at me 
Dead passenger in the passenger seat 
Unfasten the safety latches 
And slam on the brakes in traffic so hard 
I snapped the relocation brackets for the monster tires 
Finna get a murder case and catch it 
Like you threw it at me encased in plastic 
And send Dylan Roof through the windshield of the Benz 
Until he spins like a pinwheel and begins feelin'... 
Like a windmill with a thin bill while his skin's peelin' 
And skids 'til he hits a cement pillar 
Swing for the fence like Prince Fielder 
Knock it into the upper peninsula 
You want to go against zilla? The Rap God 
When will I quit? Never been realer 
The in-stiller of fear, not even a scintilla of doubt 
Whose pens iller than Prince in a chinchilla 
Or Ben Stiller in a suspense thriller
Revenge killer of bin syllable binge 
Fill a syringe, till I 
Draw first blood 
Even pop shit on my pop shit, and it's popular 
Couldn't be more awkwarder 
Cause you're innocence I robbed you of 
It's my fingers that got stuck up 
Tortured a, not give a 
Slapstick, hockey puck 
The broad hunter with the sawed off 
Like an arm when it's lopped off of ya 
But I'm not gonna, get the shotgun
Or the Glock, I'm gonna opt for the ox 
Cause I'm into objects that are sharp when I sharpen 
It's not a shock, I'm such an obnoxious fucker 
The rock cuts into rock cause who would have thought 
This much of a cocksucker that go across the buttocks of Vivica Fox with a box cutter 
That was for 50, little slap on the wrist be warned 
I'm unrevealing quickly 
My squabbles, I'm grappling with your time traveling with me 
Try and follow, as I wobble, relapse into history, with a flask of the whiskey 
Tip it back then I'm twisting wine bottles 
Like what happened to Chris Reeves' spine column 
That's the plan of attack when I'm fixing my problems 
Wish my chest wasn't having to get these rhymes off 'em 
But the fact that I have so many rappers against me mind boggles 
And why I had to come back on these faggots who diss me is 
More of a spectacular mystery than a fucking Agatha Christie crime novel 
But my patience is wearing thin 
Swear I been contemplating rubbing shit in your face till I smear it in 
Diss you in every lyric until you fear the pen 
And never appear again 
If you actually had fucking careers to end 
But then I think of Molly Qerim and I steer 'em in that direction and forget my ideas for them 
Molly, I'm gone off you 
Man, light some kush 
You're my first take, I'll nail you 
Can't lie, I gush 
If I won you over, you would be the grand prize 
I'm entranced by your looks, come and give the Shady franchise a push 
You can get it in a can like some Anheuser Busch 
Jeans too small, least three pant sizes tush 
Mushed against your damn side, you puss 
And thighs are squooshed 
What kind of attires that? 
I'm ready to be rode 
Psychopath, bet you we'll get it popping like a flat 
Light the match to ignite the wrath 
Got knives to slash and slice hermaphrodites in half 
Piper Chapmans might just have to picket me 
Like a scab 
Hard to describe in fact 
Startling violent perhaps 
Are things that come to mind as soon as I start spitting rhymes like that 
And you aren't really surprised at that 
But as far as these lines I rap 
And these bars, wouldn't dial it back if I star 69'ed the track 
(Why am I such a dick!?)

Yeah, 
You know technically, Im not even really supposed to be here right now, 
So fuck it, might as well make the most of it. 

Ahh ah ah ah eh eh eh eh ehhh 

Yeah, haha 
Feels good, 
Whooo, 
Guess I'm lucky, 
Some of us don't get a second chance. 
But I aint blowing this one. 
Naw man, haha, 
Shit I feel like I can do anything now. 

Who can catch lightning in the bottle, set fire to water, 
Commin out the nozzle on the fire hose, flyer than swatters 

Cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man. 




Smash an hour glass, grab the sand, take his hands an cup 'em, 
Spit a rhyme to freeze the clock, take the hands of time an cuff em. 

Cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man. 

Theres a storm commin that the weather man couldn't predict, 
I start the bug prick, you better flee cause I get ticked 
Its a rap, I was down, when I was down I was kicked 
I got up I'm back to punch ya to the ground, ya trick, 
Its a trap, fuck my last cd this shits in my trash, 
I be god damned if another rapper gets in my ass, 
I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if its my last. 
You can die in the blink of an eye, so bat ya eyelashes, 

and keep winking and blown kisses cuz your flirting with death 
Im destroying your livelihood, I aint just hurting your rep, 
I catch a flow and get goin, 
No remorse, I'm showinn they slowin, for no one, 
Knowin there is nothing you can do about it 
Zeroin on the target like a marksman, 
The target is you, 
I shut ya lane down, 
Took ya spot, parked in it too, 
Watchin it flow, lighter fluid, saliva what can ya do, 
Go get ya crew to hype ya up stand behind you like whoooo! 

That boys hot enough to melt hell burn satan too, 
Fry his ass, and put his ashes back together with glue, 
See you can hate em, he don't blame you frankly he would too, 
This game couldn't afford to lose him, how bout you? 

Now guess who who (hey), 
Heres a clue (hey), 
He came to a ball in a wife beater Lost his Nike shoe, 
Its in ya ass (hey), 
He's in ya ass, he's all up in ya psychy too, 
Now whats his name 

Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 

If I had a time machine, I'm passin ya, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Music is my time machine ahhh ohhhhh, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 

Fuck catching lightnin 
He struck it 
Screamed shut up and thunder, 
Flipped the world upside down and made it rain upward 
Cinderella man 
Cinderella man 
Cinderella man 
Cinderella man, 

Rewound the future to the present, paused it don't ask how, 
Fuck the past motherfucker he's the shit right now 
Cinderella man 
Cinderella man 
Cinderella man 
Cinderella man.. 

Cinderella man 
Send the fellow Shady dang came to wrap the game up in cellophane, 
Raise hell from hell he came, 
But didn't come to bore you with the cinderella story, 
Nor did he come to do the same, 
He cant afford to be a label in this day in age, 
And at this stage of the game 
Mediocrity cannot be allowed to fly, 
So say bye, 
to the old H I 
to the new, Que Sera 
Consider it his last hurrah 
Coup de grace 
Raise em high in the sky, 
Keep em up 
Time to bring the place alive, 
Thanks for bein patient 
I will make no more mistakes, 
Shit my potatoes baked, 
Homie the veggies on my plate can fly, 
My filet is smoking weed, 
yea faggot the stakes (steaks) are high 
Shit I aint even suppose to be here
By the grace of god, 
The skin on my teeth 
And the hair on my nuts I skated by, 
Now y'all are on thin ice 
With ankle weights I hate to lie, 
How fuckin irritated are you, 
How much in ya face am i, 
And ain't shit you can do but fear it 
Proof is here in spirit 
Im the spittinn image 
Ill mirror it 
When I stand near it, 
Your pussy lyric, 
I couldn't hear it, 
Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyrics, 

Who? 
Heres a clue. 
He came to the ball in his wifebeater, 
Lost his nike shoe, 
its in ya ass, he's in ya ass, he's all up in ya psychy too. 
Now whats his name 

Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 

If I had a time machine, I'm passin ya, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 

Music is my time machine ahhh ohhhhh, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man, 
Cinderella man,



Intro: 
Where's my snare? 
I have no snare on my headphones
There you go 
Yeah 
Yo yo 

Verse 1 
Have you ever been hated, or discriminated against? 
I have, I've been protested and demostrated against 
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times 
Sick as the mind, of the mothafuckin' kid that's behind 
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans explodin' 
Tempers flarin' from parents just blow 'em off and keep goin' 
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give em hell long as I'm breathin' 
Keep kickin' ass in the mornin', and takin' names in the evenin' 
Leave them with a taste sour as vinegar in they mouth 
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out 



Look at me now, I betcha prolly sick of me now 
Ain't you mama, I'ma make you look so ridiculous now 

Chorus (2x) 
I'm sorry mama 
I never meant to hurt you 
I never meant make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet 

One More Time 

I said, 
I'm sorry mama 
I never meant to hurt you 
I never meant make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet 
Ha! 

Verse 2 
I got some skeletons in my closet 
And I don't know if no one knows it 
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it 
Imma expose it, I'll take you back to '73 
Before I ever had a multi-platinum sellin' CD 
I was a baby maybe I was just a couple of months 
My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch 
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye 
No I don't, on second thought I just fuckin' wished he would die 
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin' her side 
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I try to make it work 
With her at least for Hailie's sake I maybe made some mistakes 
But I'm only human but I'm man enough to face 'em today 
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb 
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets outta that gun 
Cause I'd of killed 'em, shit I woulda shot Kim and them both 
It's my life, I'd like to welcome ya'll to The Eminem show 

Chorus (2x) 

Verse 3 
Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition 
Take a second to listen for who you think this record is dissin' 
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision 
Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen 
Bitchin' that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missin' 
Goin' through public housing systems, victim of Munchhausen Syndrome 
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't 
'Til I grew up, now I blew up it makes you sick to your stomach, doesn't it? 
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, MA? 
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, MA? 
But guess what, your gettin' older now and it's cold when your lonely
And Nathan's growin' up so quick he's gonna know that your phoney 
And Hailie's gettin' so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful 
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral *hahaha* 
See what hurts me the most, is you wont admit you was wrong 
Bitch, do your song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom 
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get 
You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit! 
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? 
Well guess what, I am dead, dead to you as can be!! 

Chorus (2x) 




Cause some things just don't change 
It's better when they stay the same
Although the whole world knows your name 
So on the biggest days they came to see you spit your game 
Ooooohhhhhhh 
It shouldn't be difficult to explain 
Just why you came back again, you hate the fame 
Love the game, cold as ice you remain 
Fuck em' all, tell 'em all eat shit, here we go again 

So, god damn... is it that time again already 
Haha, you don't look too happy to see me 
Fuck man, don't everybody welcome me back at once 
All right, fuck ya'll then 

You can get the dick, just call me the ballsac, I'm nuts 
Michael Vick in this bitch, fall back you mutts 
Fuck your worms, you never seen such a sick puppy 
Fuck it a sick duck, I want my duck sick mummy 
And my nuts, lick, gobble 'em up trick, yummy 



Bitch you don't fucking think I know that you suck dick dummy? 
You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit honey 
Yeah I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny! 
Shawty dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words 
You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah struck a nerve sucker 
Motherfucker might aswell let my lips pucker 
Like Elton John, cause I'm just a mean cock sucker 
This shit is on, cause you went and pissed me off 
Now I'm sitting and pissing on everybody 
Give a fuck if it's right or wrong 
So buck the buddah, light a bong 
But take a look at mariah the next time I inspire you to write a song, cmon 

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows 
When it snows and it's twenty be-low 
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know 
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows 
Oh oh oh oh oh 

Fuck it I'm a loose cannon, Bruce Banner's back in the booth 
Ya'll are sitting ducks, I'm the only goose standing 
I set the world on fire, piss on it, put it out 
Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fucking around motherfucker 
I'll show you pussy footin, I'll kick a bitch in the cunt 
Til it makes her queef and sounds like a fucking whoopy cushion 
Who the fuck is you pushin', you musta mistook me for some sissy 
Soft punk looking for some nookie or boosom 
Go ahead, fucking hater push me 
I told you ain't no fucking way to shush me 
Call me a faggot cause I hate a pussy 
Man the fuck up sissy, G's up 
All you gardeners freeze up, put your hoes down (shady ease up!) 
Man chill, nah I can't god damnit 
Rap is a landfill, drop the anvil 
These are shoes that you can't fill 
Shit the day that happens the world'll stop spinning 
And Michael J. Fox'll come to a stand still 
During an earthquake, urine in your face 
Cause you're fake, ahh what the fuck, that hurt wait! 
Ahh what the fuck, I just got struck by lightening 
Alright then I quit, god I give up 
Call it evil that men do, lord forgive me for what my pen do 
This is for your sins, I cleanse you 
You can repent but I warn you, if you continue 
To hell I'll send you, and just then the wind blew and I said 

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows 
When it snows and it's twenty be-low 
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know 
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows 
Oh oh oh oh oh 

How long will I be this way? Shady until my dying day 
Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say 
So long, til then I drop the fucking bombs 
Like I miss the pass when I went long 
If you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong 
Now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song 
Oh bitches don't like that, homie I'll be nicer to women 
When the aqua man drowns and the human torch starts swimming 
Man I'm a cold soul, I roll solo so 
So don't compare me to them other bums over there 
It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums yeah 
I'm bananas pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair 
But I swear, you try to diss me, I'll slaughter you 
I put that on everything, like everyone does with auto-tune 
That last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme 
And say I was writing this and I thought of you so 

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows 
When it snows and it's twenty be-low 
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know 
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows 
Oh oh oh oh oh 

Oh oh oh oh oh oh 
I don't know, I don't know what caused, I don't know what caused me to be this way 
I don't know, I don't know but I probably be this way 'til my dying day 
I don't know why I'm so, I'm so cold beat bangs, I don't need to say 
I guess this is how you made me

Oooh! Ladies and gentlemen, the moment you've all been waiting for
In this corner, weighing 175 pounds, with a record of 17 rapes
400 assaults, and 4 murders, the undisputed, most diabolical
Villain in the world, Slim Shady!

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model
You just hit the lotto
Uh oh uh oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves

Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
Ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk

Ok, let's go
Back when Andre, the giant, mister elephant tusk
Picture us, you'll just be another one bit the dust
Just one up my mother's son who got thrown under the bus



Kiss my butt, lick my wonder cheese from under my nuts
It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks
It's a must, I redeem my name and haters get mushed
Bitches lust, man they love me when I'm laying the cut
Missed the cut, the lady give a eighty some paper cut

Now picture us, it's ridiculous you curse at the thought
Cuz when I spit the verse the shit gets worse than Worcestershire sauce
If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time
Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes
It's elementary, the elephants have entered the room
I venture to say with the center of attention its true
Not to mention back with a vengeance and hit the signal
Of the bat symbol, the platinum trio is back on you hoes

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model
You just hit the lotto
Uh oh uh oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves

Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk

Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Dre

They see that low rider go by they're like "Oh my!"
You ain't got to tell me why you're sick cuz I know why
I dip through in that six trey like sick 'em Dre
I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they're sick of me
But hey, what else can I say? I love LA
Cuz over and above all, it's just another day
And this one begins where the last one ends
Pick up where we left off and get smashed again

I'll be dammed, just fucked around and crashed my Benz
Driving around with a smashed front end
Let's cash that one in
Grab another one from out the stable
The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Dorado
The hell if I know
Do I want leather seats or vinyl?
Decisions, decisions, garage looks like Precision Collision
Or Maico beats quake like Waco
Just keep the bass low, speakers away from your face though

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model
You just hit the lotto
Uh oh uh oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves

Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk

And I take great pleasure in introducing, 50 Cent

It's bottle after bottle
The money ain't a thang when you party with me
Its what we into, it's simple
We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe
I'm the napalm, the bomb, the Don, I'm King Kong
Get rolled on, wrapped up and reigned on
I'm so calm through Vietnam, ring the alarm
Bring the Chandon, burn marajauan do what you want

Nigga on and on till the break of what
Get the paper man I'm caking you know I don't give a fuck
I spend it like it don't mean nothing
Blow it like its supposed to be blown
Motherfucker I'm grown
I stunt I style I flash the shit
I gets what the fuck I want, so what I trick?
Fat ass burgundy bags, classy shit
Jimmy Cho shoes I say move a bitch move


So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model
You just hit the lotto
Uh oh uh oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves

Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk

[Eminem:] 
Feels like a close, it's coming to 
Fuck am I gonna do? 
It's too late to start over 
This is the only thing I, thing I know 

[Eminem:] 
Sometimes I feel like all I ever do is 
Find different ways to word the same, old song 
Ever since I came along 
From the day the song called "Hi! My Name Is" dropped 
Started thinking my name was fault 
Cause any time things went wrong
I was the one who they would blame it on 
The media made me the equivalent of a modern-day Genghis Khan 
Tried to argue it was only entertainment, dog 
Gangsta? Naw, courageous balls 
Had to change my style, they said I'm way too soft 
And I sound like AZ and Nas, out came the claws 
And the fangs been out since then 



But up until the instant that I've went against it 
It was ingrained in me that I wouldn't amount to a shitstain I thought 
No wonder I had to unlearn everything my brain was taught 
Do I really belong in this game? I pondered 
I just wanna play my part, should I make waves or not? 
So back and forth in my brain, the tug of war wages on 
And I don't wanna seem ungrateful or disrespect the artform I was raised upon 
But sometimes you gotta take a loss 
And have people rub it in your face before you get made pissed off 
And keep pluggin', it's your only outlet 
And your only outfit so you know they gonna talk about it 
Better find a way to counter it quick and make it, ah 
Feel like I've already said this a kabillion eighty times 
How many times can I say the same thing different ways that rhyme? 
What I really wanna say is if there's anyone else that can relate to my story 
Bet you feel the same way I felt when I was in the same place you are 
When I was afraid to… 

[Sia:] 
I was a... 
Afraid to make a single sound 
Afraid I will never find a way out 
Afraid I'd never be found 
I don't wanna go another round 
An angry man's power will shut you up 
Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love 
Run out of excuses for everyone 
So here I am and I will not run 
Guts over fear (the time is near) 
Guts over fear (I shed a tear) 
For all the times I let you push me around 
And let you keep me down 
Now I got guts over fear, guts over fear 

[Eminem:] 
Feels like a close, it's coming to 
Fuck am I gonna do? 
It's too late to start over 
This is the only thing I, thing I know 

[Eminem:] 
I know what it's like, I was there once, single parents 
Hate your appearance, did you struggle to find your place in this world? 
And the pain spawns all the anger on 
But it wasn't until I put the pain in songs learned who to aim it on 
That I made a spark, started to spit hard as shit 
Learned how to harness it while the reins were off 
And there was a lot of bizarre shit, but the crazy part 
Was soon as I stopped saying "I gave a fuck" 
Haters started to appreciate my art
And it just breaks my heart to look at all the pain I've caused 
But what am I gonna do when the rage is gone? 
And the lights go out in that trailer park? 
And the window is closing and there's nowhere else that I can go with flows 
And I'm frozen cause there's no more emotion for me to pull from 
Just a bunch of playful songs that I made for fun 
So to the break of dawn here I go recycling the same, old song 
But I'd rather make "Not Afraid 2" than make another motherfucking "We Made You", uh 
Now I don't wanna seem indulgent when I discuss my lows and my highs 
My demise and my uprise, pray to God 
I just opened enough eyes later on
Gave you the supplies and the tools to hopefully use it to make you strong 
Enough to lift yourself up when you feel like I felt 
Cause I can't explain to y'all how dang exhausted my legs felt 
Just having to balance my dang self 
When on eggshells I was made to walk 
But thank you, ma, 'cause that gave me the 
Strength to cause Shady-mania, 
So when they empty that stadium 
At least I made it out of that house and a found a place in this world when the day was done 
So this is for every kid who all's they ever did was dreamt of one day just getting accepted 
I represent him or her, anyone similar, you are the reason that I made this song 
And everything you're scared to say don't be afraid to say no more 
From this day forward, just let them a-holes talk 
Take it with a grain of salt and eat their fucking faces off 
The legend of the angry blonde lives on through you when I'm gone 
And to think I was... gone 

[Sia:] 
I was a... 
Afraid to make a single sound 
Afraid I will never find a way o-o-out 
Afraid I'd never be found 
I don't wanna go another round 
An angry man's power will shut you up 
Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love 
Run out of excuses for everyone 
So here I am and I will not run 
Guts over fear (the time is near) 
Guts over fear (I shed a tear) 
For all the times I let you push me around 
And let you keep me down 
Now I got, guts over fear, guts over fear 


Mom, I know I let you down 
And though you say the days are happy 
Why is the power off, and I'm fucked up? 
And mom, I know he's not around 
But don't you place the blame on me 
As you pour yourself another drink 

I guess we are who we are 
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on 
Maybe we took this too far 

I went in headfirst 
Never thinking about who what I said hurt, in what verse 
My mom probably got it the worst 
The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are 
Did I take it too far? 
Cleaning out my closet and all them other songs 
But regardless I don't hate you cause ma! 
You're still beautiful to me, cause you're my mom 
Though far be it for you to be calling, my house was Vietnam 



Desert Storm and both of us put together can form an atomic bomb
Equivalent to Chemical warfare 
And forever we can drag this on and on 
But, agree to disagree 
That gift from me up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me 
You're kicking me out? It's 15 degrees and it's Christmas Eve 
(little prick just leave) ma, let me grab my fucking coat 
Anything to have each other's goats, why we always at each others throats? 
Especially when dad, he fucked us both 
We're in the same fucking boat 
You'd think that it'd make us close (nope) 
Further away that drove us, but together headlights shine 
A car full of belongings 
Still got a ways to go, back 
To grandma's 
House it's straight up the road 
And I was the man of the house, the oldest 
So my shoulders carried the weight 
Of the load 
Then Nate got taken away by the state at 8 years old, and 
That's when I realized you were sick and it wasn't fixable or changable 
And to this day we remained estranged and I hate it though, but

I guess we are who we are 
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on 
Maybe we took this too far 

Cause to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though 
Cause you ain't even get to witness your grand baby's growth 
But I'm sorry mama for Cleaning Out My Closet, at the time I was angry 
Rightfully maybe so, never meant that far to take it though, cause 
Now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not making jokes 
That song I no longer play at shows and I cringe every time it's on the radio 
And I think of Nathan being placed in a home 
And all the medicine you fed us 
And how I just wanted you to taste your own, but 
Now the medications taken over and your mental states deteriorating slow 
And I'm way too old to cry, that shit's painful though 
But ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan yo 
All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both 
Foster care, that cross you bare, few may be as heavy as yours 
But I love you Debbie Mathers, oh what a tangled web we have, cause 
One thing I never asked was where the fuck my deadbeat dad was 
Fuck it I guess he had trouble keeping up with every address 
But I'd have flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus 
Own a collection of maps and followed my kids to the edge of the atlas 
Someone ever moved them from me? That you could bet your ass's 
If I had to come down the chimney dressed as Santa, kidnap them 
And although one has met their grandma 
Once you pulled up in our drive one nights 
As we were leaving to get some hamburgers 
Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you 
And as you left I had this overwhelming sadness come over me 
As we pulled off to go our separate paths, and 
I saw your headlights as I looked back 
And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to thank you for being my Mom and my Dad 
So Mom, please accept this as a tribute I wrote this on the jet 
I guess I had to get this off my chest 
I hope I get the chance to lay it before I'm dead 
The stewardess said to fasten my seatbelt, I guess we're crashing 
So if I'm not dreaming, I hope you this message 
That I'll always love you from afar, cause you're my mama... 

I guess we are who we are 
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on 
Maybe we took this too far 

I want a new life 
One without a cause 
So I'm coming home tonight 
Well 
No matter what the cost 
And if the plane goes down 
And if the crew can't wake me up 
Just know that I was alright 
And I was not afraid to die 
Even if there's songs to sing 
My children will carry me 
Just know that I'm 
Alright 
I was not afraid to die 
Because I put my faith in my new girl 
So I never say goodbye cruel world
Just know that I'm alright 
I am not 
Afraid to die 

I guess we are who we are 
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on 
Maybe we took this too far

can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars 
i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars 
i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now 
and it seems like yesterday it was just a dream 
but those days are gone they're just memories 
and it seems like yesterday it was just a dream 
but those days are gone 

Alright, 
lets pretend, marshall mathers never picked up a pen 
lets pretend, things woulda been no different 
pretend he procrastinated and had no motivation 
pretend he just made excuses that were so paper thin 
they could blow away with the wind 
marshall youre never gonna make it 
makes no sense to play the game 
there aint no way that you'll win 
pretend he'd just stay outside all day 
and play with his friends 



pretend he even had a friend to say was his friend 
and it wasnt time to move and schools werent changing again 
he wasnt socially akward and just strange as a kid 
he had a father and his mother wasnt crazy as shit 
and he never dreamed he could rip stadiums 
and just lazy as shit 
fuck a talent show in the gymnasium, bitch 
you wont amount to shit, quit day dreaming, kid 
you need to get your cranium checked 
you're thinking like an alien, it just aint realistic 
now pretend things just make him angry with this shit 
and there was no one he could even aim when he's pissed 
and his alarm went off to wake him but he didnt make it to the rap olympics 
left to his plane and he missed it 
he's gonna have a hard time explaining to hailey and lainey 
these food stamps and this weak shit 
cause he never risked shit, he hoped and he wished it 
but it didnt fall on his lap so he aint even here 
he pretends that .. 

can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars 
i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars 
i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now




Look, if you had one shot, one opportunity 
To seize everything you ever wantedâ€à‚Â¦One moment 
Would you capture it or just let it slip? 

His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy 
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti 
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready 
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting 
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud 
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out 
He's chokin, how everybody's jokin now 
The clock's run out, time's up over, bloah! 
Snap back to reality, Oh there goes gravity 
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked 
He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy 
Is he? No 
He won't have it , he knows his whole back city's ropes 
It don't matter, he's dope 



He knows that, but he's broke 
He's so stacked that he knows 
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's 
Back to the lab again yo 
This whole rap shit 
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him 

Chorus X2 

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
You own it, you better never let it go 
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo 

The soul's escaping, through this hole that it's gaping 
This world is mine for the taking 
Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order 
A normal life is borin, but superstardom's close to post mortar 
It only grows harder, only grows hotter 
He blows its all over, these hoes is all on him 
Coast to coast shows, he's know as the globetrotter 
Lonely roads, God only knows 
He's grown farther from home, he's no father 
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter 
But hold your nose cuz here goes the cold water 
These ho's don't want him no mo, he's cold product 
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows 
He nose dove and sold nada 
So the soap opera is told and unfolds 
I suppose it's old potna, but the beat goes on 
Da da dum da dum da da 

Chorus X2 

No more games, I'ma change what you call rage 
Tear this mothafuckin roof off like 2 dogs caged 
I was playin in the beginnin, the mood all changed 
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage 
But I kept rhymin and stepwritin the next cypher 
Best believe somebody's payin the pied piper 
All the pain inside amplified by the fact 
That I can't get by with my 9 to 5 
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family 
Cuz man, these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers 
And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life 
And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder 
Tryin to feed and water my seed, plus 
Teeter totter, caught up between bein a father and a prima donna 
Baby mama drama's screamin on and 
Too much for me to wanna 
Stay in one spot, another day of monotomy 
Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail 
I've got to formulate a plot fore I end up in jail or shot 
Success is my only mothafuckin option, failure's not 
Mom, I love you, but this trailer has got to go 
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot 
So here I go is my shot. 
Feet fail me not cuz maybe the only opportunity that I got 

Chorus X2 

You can do anything you set your mind to, man 




[Rihanna] 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn, 
But thats alright because I like the way it hurts. 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry, 
But thats alright because I love the way you lie, 
I love the way you lie. 

[Eminem] 
I can’t tell you what it really is, 
I can only tell you what it feels like, 
and right now its a steel knife in my windpipe 
I can’t breath when I still fight well I can fight 
As long as the wrong feels right its like I’m in flight 
High off of love, Drunk from my hate, 
Its like I’m huffing paint and I love it the more I suffer. 
I suffocate and right before I’m about to drown, 
She resuscitates me, She fucking hates me and I love it 
Wait! Where you going? I’m leaving you 
No you ain’t, Come back 
Were running right back, Here we going again 



Its so insane cus’ when its going it good, 
It’s going great, I’m Superman with the wind in his back 
She’s Lois Lane, but when its bad its awful 
I feel so ashamed, I snap. Who’s that dude? 
I don’t even know his name, I laid hands on her 
I never stoop so low again, I guess I don’t know my own strength. 

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn, 
But thats alright because I like the way it hurts. 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry, 
But thats alright because I love the way you lie, 
I love the way you lie. 
I love the way you lie. 

[Eminem] 
You ever love somebody so much that you could barely breath when your with em’? 
And you meet and neither one, even know what hit em’ 
You got the warm fuzzy feelin’, ya them chills used to get em’ 
Now your gettin’ fuckin’ sick of lookin’ at em’ 
You swore you would never hit em’, 
Never do nothin’ to her now your in each others face, spewing venom in your words when you spit em’ 
You both pull each others hair, scratch, clob, hit em’, throw em’ down, pin em’ 
So lost in your moment when your in em’ 
Its the rage thats the culprit, It chokes you both 
So they say you best go your separate ways, 
Guess that they don’t know you, because today 
That was yesterday, Yesterday is over 
Its a different day, Sounds like broken records playin’ over 
But you promised her, Next time you’ll show her restraint 
You don’t get another chance, Life is not a Nintendo game 
But you lied again, and now you get to watch her leave out the window, 
Guess thats why they call it window pane (pain) 

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn, 
But thats alright because I like the way it hurts. 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry, 
But thats alright because I love the way you lie, 
I love the way you lie. 
I love the way you lie. 

[Eminem] 
Now I know we said things, Did things 
That we didn’t mean and we fall back into the same pattern 
Seventeen, but your temper is just as bad as mine is 
Your the same as me, but when he comes to love ya 
its just blinded, Baby, Please come back, 
It wasn’t you, Baby, It was me 
Maybe our relationships isn’t as crazy as it seems 
Maybe thats what happens when a Tornado meets a Volcano, 
All I know I love you too much to walk and Wait up! 
Come Inside, pick up the bags up the sidewalk, 
Don’t you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk, 
Told you this was my fault, look me in the eyeball, 
Next time I’m pissed I’ll lay my fist at the dry wall, 
Next time, there wont be no next time, 
I apologize even though I know its lies, 
I’m tired of the games, I just want her back, 
I know I’m a liar, If she ever tries to fuckin’ leave again, 
I’m a tie her to the bed and set this house on fire, 
Just gonna… 

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn, 
But thats alright because I like the way it hurts. 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry, 
But thats alright because I love the way you lie, 
I love the way you lie. 
I love the way you lie.

Yeah 
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now 
But hey, what daddy always tell you? 
Straighten up little soldier 
Stiffen up that upper lip 
What you crying about? 
You got me 

Hailie I know you miss your mom and I know you miss your dad 
Well I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had 
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh 
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry 
Cuz you're scared, I ain't there? 
Daddy's with you in your prayers 
No more crying, wipe them tears 
Daddy's here, no more nightmares 
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it 
Laney uncles crazy, aint he? 
Yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it 
We're all we got in this world 



When it spins, when it swirls 
When it whirls, when it twirls 
Two little beautiful girls 
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze 
I know it's confusing you 
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news 
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems 
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me 
All the things growing up his daddy that he had to see 
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did 
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me 
But things have gotten so bad between us 
I don't see us ever being together ever again 
Like we used to be when we was teenagers 
But then of course everything always happens for a reason 
I guess it was never meant to be 
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is 
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep 
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream 

[Chorus] 
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright 
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady, i told ya 
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night 
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why 
We feel how we feel inside 
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby 
But i promise momma's gon' be alright 

It's funny 
I remember back one year when daddy had no money 
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up 
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me 
Cuz daddy couldn't buy 'em 
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying 
Cuz daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job 
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom 
And at the time every house that we lived in 
Either kept getting broke into and robbed 
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar 
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college 
Almost had a thousand dollars till someone broke in and stole it 
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart 
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart 
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back 
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment 
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara 
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre 
And flew you and momma out to see me 
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me 
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it 
And you and Laney were to young to understand it 
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit 
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it 
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand 
Cuz all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud 
Now I'm sittin in this empty house, just reminiscing 
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out 
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now 
Wow, guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here 
Laney I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here 
I like the sound of that, yeah 
It's got a ring to it don't it? 
Shh, momma's only gone for the moment 

[Chorus] 

And if you ask me too 
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird 
I'mma give you the world 
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you 
I'mma sing for you 
I'll do anything for you to see you smile 
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine 
I'mma break that birdies neck 
I'd go back to the jewler who sold it to ya 
And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad (haha)


Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?) 
My name is.. tiki tiki Slim Shady 
Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?) 
My name is.. tiki tiki Slim Shady 

Ahem.. excuse me! 
Can I have the attention of the class 
for one second? 

[Eminem] 
Hi kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah yeah yeah!) 
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!) 
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!) 
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse then my life is? (Huh?) 
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin to get my head straight 
but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Ummmm..) 
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!" 
Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man you wasted!" 
Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else 



Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt 
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off 
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross 
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass 
faster than the fat bitch who sat down too fast 
C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dog!) 
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off! 

Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?) 
My name is.. tiki tiki Slim Shady 
Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?) 
My name is.. tiki tiki Slim Shady 

[Eminem] 
My English teacher wanted to fuck me in junior high 
the only problem was, my english teacher was a guy. 
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler 
and stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Owwwwwwww!) 
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up 
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup 
Extraterrestrial, killin pedestrians 
Rapin lesbians while they screamin:: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!" 
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to 
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do 
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper 
Make a record about doin drugs and name it after her (Oh thank you!) 
You know you blew up when the women rush the stands 
and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!) 
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph 
(Dude, can I get your autograph?) 
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!' 

Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?) 
My name is.. tiki tiki Slim Shady 
Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?) 
My name is.. tiki tiki Slim Shady 

[Eminem] 
Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!) 
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE! 
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die 
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive 
Am I comin or goin? I can barely decide 
I just drank a fifth of vodka -- dare me to drive? (Go ahead) 
All my life I was very deprived 
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide 
(Whoops!) Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhh-too) 
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere) 
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits 
HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM? (WAH!) 
YOU AIN'T GOT NO TITS! (WAHHH!) 
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed 
Put a bulleproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (BANG!) 
I'm steamin mad (Arrrggghhh!) 
And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?) 
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had 

Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?) 
My name is.. tiki tiki Slim Shady 
Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?) 
My name is.. tiki tiki Slim Shady 





I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid
To take a stand, to take a stand
(Yeah, it's been a ride)
Everybody, everybody
(I guess I had to)
Come take my hand, come take my hand
(Go to that place to get to this one)
We'll walk this world together through the storm
(Now some of you)
Whatever weather, cold or warm
(Might still be in that place)
Just lettin' you know that you're not alone
(If you're tryin' to get out)
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road
(Just follow me, I'll get you there)
You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
'Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causing mayhem
When I say I'ma do something, I do it, I don't give a damn what you think
I'm doin' this for me, so fuck the world



Feed it beans, it's gassed up if it thinks it's stopping me
I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtably
And all those who look down on me, I'm tearing down your balcony
No if, ands, or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he
From "Infinite" down to that last "Relapse" album
He's still shittin' whether he's on salary, paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game, like a fuck-you for Christmas
His gift is a curse, forget the earth, he's got
The urge to pull his dick from the dirt and fuck the whole universe
I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid
To take a stand, to take a stand
Everybody, everybody
Come take my hand, come take my hand
We'll walk this route together through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you're not alone
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road
Okay, quit playin' with the scissors and shit and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm for you to know it's a rap
You said you was the king, you lied through your teeth
For that fuck your fillings, instead of getting crowned you're getting capped
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise, in fact
Let's be honest, that last "Relapse" CD, was "eh"
Perhaps I ran the max and since hit the ground
Relax, I ain't goin' back to that now
All I'm tryin' to say is get back, click clack, pow
'Cause I ain't playin' around, it's the game called circlin'
I don't know how, I'm way too rough to back down
But I think I'm still tryin' to figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out, but I guess I didn't
This fucking black cloud still follows me around
But it's time to exorcise these demons, these motherfuckers are doing jumping-jacks now
I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid
To take a stand, to take a stand
Everybody, everybody
Come take my hand, come take my hand
We'll walk this route together through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you're not alone
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road
And I just can't keep living this way
So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage
I'm standing up, I'ma face my demons
I'm manning up, I'ma hold my ground
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
Tryin' to put my life back together right now
It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally for you
So I could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through
And don't even realize what you did, believe me you
I've been through the ringer, but take it through little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead, no more beef flingers
No more drama, from now on I promise to only focus
On handlin' my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters
And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it
'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub and lift the whole liquour counter up
'Cause I'm raisin' the bar, I shoot for the moon
But I'm too busy gazin' at stars I feel amazin'
And I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid
To take a stand, to take a stand
Everybody, everybody
Come take my hand, come take my hand
We'll walk this route together through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you're not alone
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road

I am phenomenal 
With every ounce of my blood 
With every breath in my lungs 
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal 
I am phenomenal 
However long that it takes 
I'll go to whatever rates 
It's gonna make me a monster though 
I am phenomenal 
But I would never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’ 
Cause I'm gonna be phenomenal 

Unstoppable, unpoppable thought bubbles 
Untoppable thoughts, fuckin' juggernaut that'll 
Stomp you in the verse, obstacles I'm drawn to 'em 
When the going got rough 
Show ‘em what I done thought that was the worse, little sissy 
Who the fuck taught you how to persevere? 
There ain't no situation that you ever had to respond to that's adverse 
The messiest thing you've ever gone through is your purse 



Yeah, I don't try like Captain, I might as well 
Hang it up like a shelf, gotta keep growin' with it, evolve 
Cause you can keep throwin' shit at the wall 
But you're gonna find that nothing's gonna stick until you apply yourself 
Time to slip in that zone till' I find myself 
Inside the realm where the unknown and boldly go 
In the waters where nobody else has gone before 
Or willing to go, uncharted, feeling is so 
Bomb, I'm feelin' myself, I'm a giant 
Sometimes I gotta remind myself that I am... 

I am phenomenal 
With every ounce of my blood 
With every breath in my lungs 
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal 
I am phenomenal 
However long that it takes 
I'll go to whatever rates 
It's gonna make me a monster though 
I am phenomenal 
But I would never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’ 
Cause I'm gonna be phenomenal 

Let me self-empower you 
When you're down and they're tryin' to clown the fuck out of you 
When you feel like you're runnin' out of fuel 
I'll show you how to use doubt as fuel 
Convert it to gunpowder too 
Now what you do is put the match to the charcoal fluid 
Put a spark to it like Martha Stewart barbecuing 
Ah screw it, feel like you want to hit that wall then do it 
Punch through it, just cock back, put your all into it 
Now you gon' take that rage and make that what you raise 
Never take back what you say 
If you stay trapped in your brain, engage in this fueled cage match 
Ready to scrap asap 
Take your fists to his bones 
Show Biggie who's smallest you're Christopher Wallace 
Yeah I picture 'em all as plastic and foam 
Lays flat, where you put your dinner plates at 
And set it off like a placemat 
(I am phenomenal) 
And I want you to say that 

I am phenomenal 
With every ounce of my blood 
With every breath in my lungs 
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal 
I am phenomenal 
However long that it takes 
I'll go to whatever rates 
It's gonna make me a monster though 
I am phenomenal 
But I would never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’ 
Cause I'm gonna be phenomenal 

Said I need you to make a note 
And find yourself, your glory, free your person 

Is that a fuckin’ mouth with no shut-up valve? 
Can't even cut the power to it, when it's what allowed 
Me to come up out from under the fuckin' ground 
Cause I worked my butt off now 
It's a subject I don't know how to shut up about 
Cause I stuck it out 
Like a mothafuckin' tongue to tie, I responded when I got shoved around 
You're gonna have down believers 
But when you're beyond belief, you probably shouldn't wonder how 
Get it how you live 
But are you prepared to give more than you get? 
And put in twice what you get back from this shit 
Though what you sacrifice barely is half, never give 
Rap is my shift 
But it's like my shield at the same time I wield, I'ma knife this will 
Sometimes I feel just like B. Real from Cypress Hill 
How I can just kill a cypher, survivor's guilt 
I rhyme like life is still an uphill climb 
Ready to face it, each challenge waitin' 
Taste it, it's salivation, I'm wagin' retaliation 
Look what I have built, reputation is delegation 
The only thing I'm capable of makin' is amazing 
Only thing you're capable of makin' is a false statement 
An accusation... I am legendary status, in fact 
That is the only way you'll ever be able to say 
Your legend is makin' an allegation 
I write with the left, same hand I hold the mic with 
As I fight to the death, 'til my last breath 
Managed to prove who the best man is 
Surveil it, all cards be the only ones left standing 
In the end, but I ain't gonna be the only one with the advantage 
Of knowing what it's like to be southpaw 
Cause you can bet your ass you'll be left handed 

I am phenomenal 
With every ounce of my blood 
With every breath in my lungs 
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal 
I am phenomenal 
However long that it takes 
I'll go to whatever rates 
It's gonna make me a monster though 
I am phenomenal 
But I would never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’ 
Cause I'm gonna be phenomenal 



So, Just call me Richard, cause I'm a dick 
It's also Richard cause I feel like you should 
Pry your fucking mouth up off of it 
I said just call me Richard, cause I'm a dick 
You ain't gotta be no detective to figure out I'm a dick 
When I hold my privates to your first clue, Sherlock, prick! 

And I would like to introduce myse-self, surprise! Hi, it's Ike 
'bout to get my Ike on I come with a life supply of wife beaters 
And my Nikes on and a white tee over that iron mic 
Lookin' fly tonight, feel like I might die from a spider bite 
Come back as Spider-Man, park my Peter inside a dyke 
Bitch actin' like she got fuckin' higher standards than Meijer's, right 
Had to pry her fingers off the mothafuckin' Breyer's ice cream 
With the pliers, like "Ahh!" only a ruthless bastard would do this 
Take a toothless bitch with no taste buds to Ruth's Chris 
Give her toothpicks, stop on the way home, pick up two Big Bufords
Scrupulous, girl, you got a nice pair, but you're plumb stupid! 
So when I pull up in that Benz, don't try to pretend you ain't interested 
To impress your stupid ass friends and refuse to get in woman 



And get slammed on the ground and snap like a pool stick against cement 
If you sick of dick, pretend it's a musical instrument 
You get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
I can tell at first glance you're a ho cause your pants are so tight 
When you dance with O. Trice, your implants explode 
So cold to dykes, the chance is snow in San Francisco 
Boy I'm from Detroit city, you live in animosity 
That's a fucked up state to be in, such an atrocity 
Look where these random thoughts get me in senseless mind babble 
"What me? Apologize?" That's just the way the rhyme unravels 
And I wouldn't fucking take it back if I time traveled! 

So, Just call me Richard, cause I'm a dick 
It's also Richard cause I feel like you should 
Pry your fucking mouth up off of it 
I said just call me Richard, cause I'm a dick 
You ain't gotta be no detective to figure out I'm a dick 
When I hold my privates to your first clue, Sherlock, prick! 
Just call me Richard


Verse #1 
These ideas are, nightmares to white parents, 
whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings. 
Like whatever they say has no bearing, 
its so scary in a house that allows, no swearing. 
To see him walking around with his, headphones blaring 
Alone in his own zone,cold, and he dont care. 
He's a problem child,and what bothers him all comes out, 
when he talks about, his fuckin' dad walkin out. 
Causes he hates him so bad that he, blocks him out. 
And if he ever saw him again he'd probobly knock him out. 
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back, 
talkin black, brainwashed from rock and rap. 
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap. 
His step-father hit him so he, socked him back. 
And broke his nose, this house is a broken home, 
there's no control, he just lets his emotions go! 
Come on... Chorus: 
Sing with me, sing for the year 
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 



Sing with me,just for today 
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away Verse #2 
Entertainment is changing, intertwine it with gansters. 
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum 
Holy or unholy, only have one homie, 
only this gun, lonely, cause so many don't know me. 
Then everybody just feels like they can relate. 
I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great. 
Or they can be degrate, or even worse they can teach hate. 
Its like kids hang on every single statement we make 
like they worship us. Plus all the stores ship us platinum. 
Now how the fuck did this metamorphasis happen? 
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'. 
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass. 
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you, 
fans turn on you, eterneys all wanna turn at you. 
To get their hands on every dime you have. 
They want you to lose your mind every time you mad. 
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose canon. 
Any dispute, dont hesitate to produce hand-guns. 
Thats why these prosecutors wanna convict me. 
Strictly just to get me offa these streets quickly. 
But all their kids been listen'n to me religiously, 
so i'm signing cds while police fingerprint me. 
They're for the judges daughter, but his grudge is against me. 
If i'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesnt make sense,B. 
It's all political, if my music is literal and i'm a criminal, 
then how the fuck can i raise a little girl? 
I couldn't.I wouldn't be fit to. 
You're full of shit too, Gurrera, that was a fist that hit you! ChorusVerse #3 
They say music can alter moods and talk to you. 
But can it load a gun up for you and cock it too? 
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude, 
just tell the judge it was my fault, and i'll get sued. 
See what these kids do is, hear about us toting pistols 
and, they want to get one cause, they think the shit's cool. 
Not knowin' we're really just protectin' ourselves, 
we entertainers, of course this shit's affecting our sales 
you ignoranous. But music is reflection of self. 
We just explain it, and then we get our cheques in the mail 
it's fucked up ain't it? How we can come from practically nothin', 
to bein' able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted. 
It's why we sing for these kids that don't have a thing. 
Except for a dream and a fucking rap magazine. 
Who post pinup pictures on their walls all day long. 
Idolise their favourite rappers and know all they songs. 
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives, 
till they sit and they cry at night, wishing they die. 
Till they throw on a rap record, and they sit and they vibe. 
We're nothing to you, but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes. 
That's why we, sieze the moment, and try to freeze it and own it, 
squeeze it and hold it, 'cos we consider these minutes golden. 
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone,and 
just let our spirits live on, through lyrics that you hear in our songs, 
and we can: ChorusChorus Without BeatInstrumental

We touch I feel a rush 
We clutch it isn't much 
But its enough to make me wonder whats in store for us 
Its lust its torturous  
You must be a sorceress cause you just 
Did the impossible 
Gain my trust don't play games it'll be dangerous 
If you fuck me over 
Cause if I get burnt imma show you what its like to hurt 
Cause I been treated like dirt before ya 
And love is evil 
Spell it backwards I'll show ya 

Nobody knows me I'm cold 
Walk down this road all alone 
Its no one's fault but my own 
Its the path I've chosen to go 
Frozen as snow I show no emotion whatsoever so 
Don't ask me why I have no love for these motherfucking hoes 
Bloodsucking succubus what the fuck is up with this 



I've tried in this department but I ain't had no luck with this 
Its sucks but its exactly what I thought it would be 
Like trying to start over 
I got a hole in my heart, I'm some kind of emotional rollercoaster 
Somethin I wont go on til you toy with my emotion so its over 
Its like an explosion everytime I hold ya wasn't joking when I told ya 
Ya take my breathe away 
You're a supernova.. and I'm a 

(Refrain:) 
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon 
And I'm aiming right at you 
Right at you 
250 thousand miles on a clear night in June 
And I'm aiming right at you 
Right at you 
Right at you 

I do whatever it takes 
When I'm with you I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't 
With you I have zero strength 
There's no limit on how far I would go 
No boundaries no lengths 
Why do we say that until we get that person that we thinks 
Gonna be that one and then once we get em its never the same 
You want them when they don't want you 
Soon as they do feelings change 
Its not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate 
I wasn't lookin but I stumbled onto you must've been fate 
But so much is at stake what the fuck does it take 
Lets cut to the chase 
But a door shuts in your face 
Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open 
That I wont be making a mistake 

(refrain) 

So after a year and 6 months its no longer me that you want 
But I love you so much it hurts 
Never mistreated you once 
I poured my heart out to you 
Let down my guard swear to god 
Ill blow my brains in your lap 
Lay here and die in your arms 
Drop to my knees and I'm pleadin 
I'm trying to stop you from leaving
You won't even listen so fuck it 
I'm trying to stop you from breathing 
I put both hands on your throat 
I sit on top of you squeezing 
Til I snap ya neck like a popsicle stick 
Ain't no possible reason I could think of to let you walk up out this house 
And let you live 
Tears stream down both of my cheeks 
Then I let you just go and just give
And before I put that gun to my temple 
I told you this 

And I would've done anything for you 
To show you how much I adored you 
But its over now 
Its too late to save our love 
Just promise me you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star cause imma 

(refrain) 
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon 
And I'm aiming right at you 
Right at you 
250 thousand miles on a clear night in June 
And I'm so lost without you 
Without you 
Without you

My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways, fuck it, what's been up? Man how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her?
I'ma name her Bonnie
I read about your uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday but I'm your biggest fan



I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was fat
Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up, you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you
Four hours and you just said, "No"
That's pretty shitty man, you're like his fuckin' idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like bein' lied to
Remember when we met in Denver, you said if I'd write you
You would write back, see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father, neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else
So that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real and I respect you 'cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan, P.S. We should be together too
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Mister "I'm too good to call or write my fans"
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word, I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night"
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late, I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream
I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you
And you can't breathe without me
See Slim, shut up bitch, I'm tryin' to talk
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more and then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how I'm I supposed to send this shit out?
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clownin' dogg, c'mon, how fucked up is you?
You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counseling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls
When you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter
I just hope it reaches you in time before you hurt yourself
I think that you'll be doin' just fine if you relax a little
I'm glad I inspire you but Stan, why are you so mad?
Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago
That made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk
And she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape
But they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about, his name was
It was you, damn



Dina Rea:] 
Mmmhh 

[Eminem:] 
You high baby? 

[Dina Rea:] 
Yeahh... 

[Eminem:] 
Yeah? 

[Dina Rea:] 
hahaha..Talk to me... 

[Eminem:] 
You want me to tell you somethin?




[Dina Rea:] 
Uh huh... 

[Eminem:] 
I know what you wanna hear... 
'Cuz I know you want me baby I think I want you too... 

[Dina Rea:] 
I think I love you baby... 

[Eminem:] 
I think I love you too... 
I'm here to save you girl, 
Come be in shady's world, 
I wanna grow together, 
Let's let our love unfurl. 
You know you want me baby, 
You know I want you too, 
They call me Superman, 
I'm here to rescue you, 
I wanna save you girl, 
come be in Shady's world... 

[Dina Rea:] 
oh boy you drive me crazy... 

[Eminem:] 
Bitch you make me curl... 

[Eminem:] 
They call me Superman, 
Leap tall hoes in a single bound, 
I'm single now, 
Got no ring on this finger now, 
I'll never let another chick bring me down, 
In a relationship, save it bitch, babysit? you make me sick, 
Superman aint savin shit, girl you can jump on shady's dick, 
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase, 
I'll tell a mo'fuckin slut to her face,
Play no games, say no names, ever since I broke up with what's her face, 
I'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, bitch why ask? 
Kiss my dick, hit my cash, i'd rather have you whip my ass, 
Don't put out? i'll put you out, 
Won't get out? i'll push you out, 
Puss blew out, copin shit, 
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out, 
Am I too nice? buy you ice, 
Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life, 
What you tryin to be, my new wife? 
What you Mariah? fly through twice, 
But I do know one thing though, 
Bitches they come, they go, 
Saturday through sunday monday, 
Monday through sunday yo, 
Maybe i'll love you one day, 
Maybe we'll someday grow, 
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe... 

[Chorus:] 
'Cuz I can't be your superman, 
Can't be your superman, 
Can't be your superman, 
Can't be your superman, 
I can't be your superman, 
Can't be your superman, 
Can't be your superman, 
Your superman, your superman... 

[Eminem:] 
Don't get me wrong, 
I love these hoes, 
It's no secret, 
Everybody knows, 
Yeah we fucked 
Bitch so what? 
That's about as far as your buddy goes, 
We'll be friends, 
I'll call you again, 
I'll chase you around every bar you attend, 
Never know what kind of car i'll be in, 
[Woman Screaming] 
We'll see how much you'll be partying then, 
You don't want that, 
Neither do I, 
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys, 
Too much pride, 
Between you and I, 
Not a jealous man, but females lie,
But I guess that's just what sluts do, 
How could it ever be just us two? 
Never loved you enough to trust you, 
We just met and I just fucked you, 
But I do know one thing though, 
Bitches they come they go, 
Saturday through Sunday monday, 
Monday through Sunday yo, 
Maybe I'll love you one day, 
Maybe we'll someday grow, 
'Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe... 

[Eminem & Dina Rae Over Chorus 2x] 

[Eminem:] 
I know you want me baby, 
I think I want you too... 

[Dina Rea:] 
I think I love you baby... 

[Eminem:] 
I think I love you too, 
I'm here to save you girl, 
Come be in shady's world, 
I wanna grow together, 
Lets let our love unfurl, 
You know you want me baby, 
You know I want you too, 
They call me Superman, 
I'm here to rescue you, 
I wanna save you girl, 
Come be in shady's world... 

[Dina Rea:] 
Oh boy you drive me crazy... 

[Eminem:] 
Bitch you make me hurl. 

[Eminem:] 
First thing you said... 

[Eminem As Women:] 
I'm not phazed, 
I hang around big stars all day, 
I don't see what the big deal is anyway, 
You're just plain ol' Marshall to me... 

[Eminem:] 
Ooh yeah girl run that game... 

[Eminem As Women:] 
Haily Jade...I love that name, 
Love that tattoo...what's that say? 
'rot in pieces' aww that's great... 

[Eminem:] 
First off you don't know Marshall, 
At all so don't grow partial, 
That's ammo for my arsenal, 
I'll snap you off that bar stool, 
There goes another lawsuit, 
Leave handprints all accross you, 
Good lordy-wody you must be blown off that water bottle, 
You want what you can't have, 
Ooh girl that's too damn bad, 
Don't touch what you can't grab, 
End up with two back hands, 
Put Anthrax on a Tampax and slap you till you can't stand, 
Girl you just blew your chance, 
Don't mean to ruin your plans, 
But I do know one thing though, 
Bitches they come they go, 
Saturday through Sunday Monday, 
Monday through Sunday yo, 
Maybe I'll love you one day, 
Maybe we'll someday grow, 
'Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe... 

[Eminem & Dina Rae Over Chorus 2x] 

[Eminem:] 
I know you want me baby, 
I think I want you too... 

[Dina Rea:] 
I think I love you baby... 

[Eminem:] 
I think I love you too, 
I'm here to save you girl, 
Come be in Shady's world, 
I wanna grow together, 
Lets let our love unfurl, 
You know you want me baby, 
You know I want you too, 
They call me Superman, 
I'm here to rescue you, 
I wanna save you girl, 
Come be in shady's world... 

[Dina Rea:] 
Oh boy you drive me crazy... 

[Eminem:] 
Bitch you make me hurl. 

[Chorus 2x B/W Dina Rea Singing] 




[Liz Rodrigues] 
This is survival of the fittest 
This is do or die 
This is the winner takes it all 
So take it all 

[Eminem] 
Wasn’t ready to being a millionaire, I was ill-prepared 
I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there 
From the beginning, it wasn’t ’bout the ends 
It was ’bout bustin’ raps and standin’ for somethin’ 
Fuck an acronym 
Cut the fuckin’ act like you’re happy, I’m fuckin’ back again 
With another anthem, why stop when it doesn’t have to end ? 
It ain’t over ’til I say it’s over - enough when I say enough 
Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up 
I’m afraid of what’ll happen to them wolves 
When the thought of being thrown into an alligator pit, I salivated it 
Weight is up, hands up like it’s 12 noon 
Nah, homie, hold them bitches straight up 



Up wave’em ’til you dislocate a rotator cuff 
Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers 
Nah, egos, I ain’t deflate enough 
Last chance to make this whole stadium erupt 

[Liz Rodrigues] 
This is survival of the fittest 
This is do or die 
This is the winner takes it all 
So take it all 

[Eminem] 
I can see the finish line with each line that I finish 
I’m so close to my goals I can almost pole vault over the goal post 
And if I don’t got enough in the tank maybe I can just siphon enough 
To fill up this last can, man will I survive in this climate or what ? 
They said I was washed up, and got a blood bath 
I’m not a rapper, I’m an adapter 
I can adjust, plus I can just walk up to a mic and just bust 
So floor’s open if you’d like to discuss 
Top 5 in this motherfucker and if I don’t make the cut 
What, like I give a fuck 
I’mma light this bitch up like I’m driving a truck 
To the side of a pump 
0 to 60 hop in and gun it 
Like G-Unit without the hyphen, I’m hypin’ ’em up 
And if there should ever come a time where my life’s in a rut 
And I look like I might just give up, eh you might’ve mistook 
Me for bowing out I ain’t taking a bow 
I’m stabbing myself with a fucking knife in the gut 
While I’m wiping my butt ! 
Cause I just shitted on the mic, and like getting cut 
I get excited at the sight of my blood, you’re in a fight with a nut 
Cause I’mma fight ’til I die or win 
Biting the dust it’ll just make me angrier 
Wait, let me remind you of what...got me this far 
Picture me quitting, now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut 
It’s survival of what ? 

[Liz Rodrigues] 
This is survival of the fittest 
This is do or die 
This is the winner takes it all 
So take it all 

[Eminem] 
So get your ideas, stack your ammo 
But don’t come unless you come to battle, I’m mad now jump in the saddle 
This is it, it’s what you eat, sleep, piss and shit 
Lift, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this 
Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can’t diffuse the wick 
I don’t do this music shit I lose my shit 
Ain’t got shit to lose, it’s the moment of truth 
It’s all I know how to do 
As soon as I get thrown in the booth, I spit 
But my respect is overdue 
I’m showin’ you the flow no one do
Cause I don’t own no diploma for school, I quit ! 
So there’s nothing for me to fall back on, I know no other trades 
So you’d better trade your fuckin’ mics in for some tool-box-es 
Cause you’ll never take my pride from me 
It’ll have to be pried from me 
So pull out your pliers and your screwdri-vers 
But I want you to doubt me, I don’t want you to buh-lieve 
Cause this is something that I must use to suc-ceed 
And if you don’t like me then fuck you ! 
Self es-teem must be fuckin’ shooting through-the-roof 
Cause trust me 
My skin is too thick and bul-let proof to touch me 
I can see why the fuck I disgust you 
I must be a-llergic to failure cause everytime I come close to it I just sneeze 
I just go atchoo then achieve ! 

[Liz Rodrigues] 
This is survival of the fittest 
This is do or die 
This is the winner takes it all 
So take it all

Ayo Before I start this song man 
I just want to thank everybody for being so patient 
And baring with me over these last couple of years 
While I figure this shit out 

(Refrain - Kobe) 
Is anybody out there? 
It feels like I'm talkin to myself 
No one seems to know my struggle 
And everything I come from 
Can anybody hear me? 
I guess I keep talkin to myself 
It feels like I'm going insane 
Am I the one who's crazy? 

Yeayah 
Woah wah 
Woah wah (oh oh oh oh oh) 
Woah wah 
Woah wah (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh) 




(Eminem) 
So why in the world do I feel so alone 
Nobody but me, I'm on my own 
Is there anyone out there 
Who feels the way I feel 
If there is, let me hear just so I know I'm not the only one 

(Eminem) 
I went away I guess to open up some lanes 
But there was no one who even knew that I was going through growin' pains 
Hatred was flowing through my veins 
On the verge of going insane 
I almost made a song dissin Lil Wayne 
It's like I was jealous of him 'cause of the attention he was gettin' 
I felt horrible about myself 
He was spittin and I wasn't 
Anyone who was buzzin back then coulda got it 
Almost went at Kanye too 
God it feels like I'm goin' psychotic
Thank god that I didn't do it 
I would've had my ass handed to me 
And I knew it but proof wasn't here to see me through it 
Im in the booth poppin another pill tryna talk myself into it 
Are you stupid? You gon' start dissin people for no reason? 
Especially when you can't even write a decent punchline even 
You're lying to yourself, you're slowly dying, you're denying 
Your health is declining with your self-esteem, you're crying out for help 

(refrain - Kobe) 

(Eminem) 
So why in the world do I feel so alone 
Nobody but me, I'm on my own 
Is there anyone out there 
Who feels the way I feel 
If there is, let me hear just so I know I'm not the only one 

(Eminem) 
Marshall you're no longer the man, that's a bitter pill to swallow 
All I know is I'm wallowin', self-loathing and hollow 
Bottoms up on the pill bottle 
Maybe I'll hit my bottom tomorrow
My sorrow echoes in this hall though 
But I must be talkin to the wall though 
I don't see nobody else (I guess I keep talkin to myself) 
But all these other rappers suck is all that I know 
I've turned into a hater, I've put up a false bravado 
But Marshall is not a egomaniac thats not his motto 
He's not a desperado he's desperate, his thoughts are bottled inside him 
One foot on the brake one on the throttle 
Fallin asleep with writers block in the parking lot of mcdonalds 
But instead of feeling sorry for yourself do something about it 
Admit you got a problem you brain is clouded you pouted long enough 
It isn't them its you you fuckin baby 
Quit worrying about what they do and do fuckin shady 
I'm fucking going crazy 

(refrain - Kobe) 

(Eminem) 
So why in the world do I feel so alone 
Nobody but me, I'm on my own 
Is there anyone out there 
Who feels the way I feel 
If there is, let me hear just so I know I'm not the only one 

(Eminem) 
So I pick up myself off the ground and fuckin swam before I drowned
Hit my bottom so hard I bounce twice suffice this time around 
It's different them last two albums didn't count 
Encore I was on drugs, Relapse I was flushing em out 
I've come up to make it up to you no more fucking around 
I've got something to prove to fans I feel like I let em down 
So please accept my apology I finally feel like I'm back to normal 
I feel like me again, so let me formally reintroduce myself to you for those of you who dont know 
The new me's back to the old me and homie I don't show no 
Signs of slowin up, oh and I'm blowin up all over 
My life is no longer a movie but the shows aint over homos 
I'm back with a vengeance homie weezy keep ya head up 
T.I. keep ya head up, Kanye keep ya head up 
Don't let up, keep slayin em 
Rest in Peace to DJ AM 
Cause I know what its like 
I struggle with this shit every single day 

(refrain - Kobe) 

(Eminem) 
So why in the world do I feel so alone 
Nobody but me, I'm on my own 
Is there anyone out there 
Who feels the way I feel 
If there is, let me hear just so I know I'm not the only one

[Rihanna] 
I’m friends with the monster that’s under my bed 
Get along with the voices inside of my head 
You trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
And you think I’m crazy, yeah, you think I’m crazy 

[Eminem] 
I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek 
Oh well, guess beggars can’t be choosey 
Wanted to receive attention for my music 
Wanted to be left alone, public excuse me 
Been wanting my cake, I need it too, wanting it both ways 
Fame may be a balloon cause my ego inflated 
When I blew seep it was confusing
Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf 
Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam 
Hit the lottery – “ooh wee!” 
With what I gave up to get was bittersweet 
It was like winning a huge meet 
Ironic cause I think I’m getting so huge I need a shrink 



I’m beginning to lose sleep – one sheep, two sheep 
Going cucko and cuckier as Kool Keith 
But I’m actually weirder than you think 
‘Cause I’m… 

I’m friends with a monster that’s under my bed 
Get a long with the voices inside of my head 
You trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
And you think I’m crazy, yeah, you think I’m crazy 
Well, that nothin' 
Well, that nothin' 

[Eminem] 
Now I ain’t much of a poet 
But I know somebody once told me to seize the moment 
And don’t squander it 
Cause you never know when it could all be over 
…so I keep conjuring 
Sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from 
(Yeah, I ponder it – do you wonder?) 
(There’s no wonder you’re losing your mind the way you’re brought up) 
I think you’ve been wandering off down yonder and stumbled upon Jeff… 
‘Cause I needed an intervention in this to intervene between me and this monster 
And save me from myself and all this conflict 
Cause the very things that I love is killing me and I can’t conquer it 
My OCD is… me in the head 
Keep knocking, nobody’s home, I’m sleepwalking 
I’m just relaying what the voice of my head saying 
Don’t shoot the messenger, I’m just friends with the… 

I’m friends with a monster that’s under my bed 
Get a long with the voices inside of my head 
You trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
And you think I’m crazy, yeah, you think I’m crazy 
Well, that nothin' 
Well, that nothin' 

[Eminem] 
Call me crazy, but I had this vision 
One day that I’d walk amongst you regular civilians 
But until then drums get killed I’m coming straight at 
Emcees, blood get spilled and I 
Take it back to the days that I get on a Dre track 
Give every kid who got played gat 
Pumped the villain and shit that say back 
To the kids who played ‘em 
I ain’t here to save the fucking children 
But if one kid out of a hundred million 
Who are going through a struggle feels and relates that’s great 
It’s payback… falling way back 
In the draft, turn nothing into something, still can make that 
Straw in the gold chump 
I will spend Rumpelstiltskin In a hay stack 
Maybe I need a straightjacket, face facts 
I am nuts for real, but I’m okay with that 
It’s nothing, I’m still friends with a 

I’m friends with a monster that’s under my bed 
Get a long with the voices inside of my head 
You trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
And you think I’m crazy, yeah, you think I’m crazy 
Well, that nothin' 
Well, that nothin' 




Eminem as nurse: 

May I have your attention please? 
May I have your attention please? 
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? 
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up? 
We're gonna have a problem here..

Y'all act like you never seen a white person before 
Jaws all on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door 
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before 
They first were divorce, throwin' her over furniture (Ahh!) 
It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding, 
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?" 
And Dr. Dre said... nothing you idiots! 
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Ha-ha!) 
Feminist women love Eminem {*vocal turntable: 
chigga chigga chigga*} "Slim Shady, I'm sick of him 



Look at him, walkin' around grabbin' his you-know-what 
Flippin' the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though!" 
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose 
But no worse, than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms 
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't 
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose 
"My bum is on ya lips, my bum is on ya lips" 
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss 
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids 
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is 
Of course they gonna know what intercourse is 
By the time they hit fourth grade 
They got the Discovery Channel don't they? 
"We ain't nothin' but mammals.." Well, some of us cannibals 
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes {*SLURP*} 
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes 
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope 
{*EWWW!*} But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote 
Women wave ya pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes 

Chorus(2x): 

I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up, 
Please stand up, please stand up? 


Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell his records; 
Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too! 
You think I give a damn about a Grammy? 
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me 
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?" 
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here? 
So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears? Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs 
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst 
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first 
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV 
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee!" 
I should download her audio on MP3 
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD {*AHHH!*} 
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me 
So I have been sent here to destroy you {*bzzzt*} 
And there's a million of us just like me 
Who cuss like me; who JUST DON'T GIVE A FUCK like me 
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me 
And just might be the next best thing but not quite me! 

Chorus 


I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only givin' you 
Things you joke about wit ya friends inside your livin' room 
The only difference is I got the balls to say it 
In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all 
I just get on the mic and spit it 
And whether you like to admit it {*ERR*} I just shittin' 
Betta than ninety percent of you rappers out can 
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like valiums 
It's funny; cause at the rate I'm goin' when I'm thirty 
I'll be the only person in the nursin' home flirting 
Pinchin' nurses asses when I'm jackin' off with Jergens 
And I'm jerkin' but this whole bag of Viagra isn't workin' 
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurkin' 
He could be workin' at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings 
{*HACH*} Or in the parkin' lot, circlin' 
Screamin', "I DON'T GIVE A FUCK!" 
Wit his windows down and his system up 
So, will the real Shady please stand up? 
And put one of those fingers on each hand up? 
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control 
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? 

Chorus (2x) 


Ha ha 
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us 
Fuck it, let's all stand up 




Only reason I dissed you in the first place 
is cause you denied seein me 
Now I'm pissed off 

Sit back homie relax, in fact grab a six-pack 
Kick back while I kick facts, yeah Dre, sick track 
Perfect way to get back, wanna hear somethin wick-wack? 
I got the same exact tat that's on Nick's back 
I'm (Obsesseed) now, oh gee 
Is that supposed to be me, in the video with the goatee? 
Wow Mariah, didn't expect you to go balls out 
Bitch shut the fuck up, 'fore I put all them phone calls out 
you made to my house when you was (Wild'n Out) before Nick 
When you was on my dick and give you somethin to smile about 
How many times you fly to my house, still tryin to count 
Better shut your lyin mouth if you don't want Nick findin out 
You probably think cause it's been so long 
if I had somethin on you I woulda did it by now 
Oh on the contrary Mary Poppins I'm mixin our studio session down 
and sendin it to masterin to make it loud 



Enough dirt on you to murder you 
This is what the fuck I do, Mariah it ever occur to you 
that I still have pictures? However you prefer to do 
and that goes for Nick too, faggot you think I'm scurred of you? 
You're gonna ruin my career you better get one 
Like I'ma sit and fight with you over some slut bitch cunt 
that made me put up with her psycho ass over six months 
And only spread her legs to let me hit once 
Yeah, what you gonna say I'm lucky? Tell the public 
that I was so ugly that you fuckin had to be drunk to fuck me? 
Second base, what the fuck you tell Nick pumpkin? 
The second week we were dry humpin, that's gotta count for somethin 
Listen girly, surely you don't want me to talk about 
how I nutted early cause I ejaculated prematurely 
And bust all over your belly and you almost started hurling 
and said I was gross, go get a towel, your stomach's curling 
Or maybe you do, but if I'm embarrassin me I'm embarrassin you 
And don't you dare say it isn't true 
As long as that song's gettin airplay I'm dissin you 
I'm a hair away from gettin carried away and gettin sued 
I was gonna stop at 16, that was 32 
This is 34 bars, we ain't even third of the way through 
"Damn Slim, Mariah play you," Mariah who? 
Oh, did I say whore Nick? I meant a liar too 
Like I been goin off on you all this time 
for no reason, girl you out your alcoholic mind 
Check your wine cellar, look at the amounts of all the wine 
Like I fuckin sit around and think about you all the time 
I just think this shit is funny when I pounce you on a rhyme 
But fuck it now I'm 'bout to draw the line 
And for you to cross it that's a mountain that I doubt you wanna climb 
I can describe areas of your house you wouldn't find 
on an episode of "Cribs," a blow below the ribs 
If I hear another word so don't go openin your jibs 
Cause every time you do it's like an overload of fibs 
I ain't sayin this shit again hoe, you know what it is 
It's a warnin shot, 'fore I blow up your whole spot 
Call my bluff and, I'll release every fuckin thing I got 
Including the voicemails right before you flipped your top 
when me and Luis were tryin to stick two CD's in the same slot 

"Slim Shady... " 
"Slim Shady..." 

{"I love you"} I love you too 
Let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear boo 
Now what you say? {"It's nothin"} Yeah so what I'll do 
is refresh your memory when you said {"I want you"} 
Now should I, keep goin or should we call truce? 
{"You think you're cute, right?"} You bet your sweet ass I do 
{"I'm Mary Poppins, B"} And I'm Superman, ooh 
{"Mary P - Slim Shady"} Comin at you 
So if you'll still be my {"Baby girl"} 
Then I'll still be your {"Superhero"}
{"Wilma M."} Yeah, I'm right here 
{"You like this!"} Nope, not anymore dear 
It cuts like a {"knife"} when I tell you get a {"life"} 
But I'm movin on with mine, Nick, is that your {"wife"} 
Well tell her to shut her mouth then I'll leave her alone 
If she don't {"stick to the script"} then I'ma just keep goin 
Damn 

"I see Mary Ann, Mary Ann's sayin cut the tape 
Cut the tape, knife!"



Intro: Eminem 
Sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak 
When you feel weak, you feel like you just wanna just give up 
But you gotta search within you, try and find that inner strength 
And just pull that shit out of you, and get that motivation not to give up 
And not be a quitter no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face. 

Verse: Eminem 

Till I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em 
Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em 
Cuz when I am not, then I'ma stop pinnin' 'em and 
I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem 
Subliminal thoughts, when I'ma stop sendin' 
'em, women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom 
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not 
Get the illin' to stop, amoxacillin's just not real enough 





Verse: 50 Cent 

Now don't think I won't hit you, cause I'm popular 
I got a P-90-Roog that'll pop at ya 
Catch you slippin' I'm a give ya what I got for ya 
My clip loaded for 16 shots for ya 
Ya'never had a hot gun on ya waist or blood on ya shoes 
Cause a nigga went and said the wrong shit to you 
Homie you ain't been through 
What I been through 
You not like me 
And I'm not like you 
I'm like a animal when I spit it's crazy 
Got semi-autos that put wholes in niggas tryna play me 
One shot is not enough, you need at least an oozie to move me 
After 4 bottles of don 
The kid start feelin' woozie 
I write my life 
You write what you've seen in gangsta movies 
I'm gangsta to the core, nigga you can't move me 
I find my space at the top 
I got this rap shit locked 
I've never heard of you 
You've heard of me, I'll murder you
Spit shells at your convertable 
As long as you notice 
Richard Poor hallows still go through ya door 
This is war 
You scared of me 
Your not prepared for me 
The Kid is back 
50 Cent I know you like that 


Verse: Eminem 

The criminal cop killin' hip-hop villiana 
Minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners 
Your comin' with me, feel it or not you're gonna fear it 
Like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us 
You hear it a lot lyrics to shock, 
Is it a miracle 
Or am I just a product of pop fizzin' up? 
Fa shizzel my wizzel, this is the plot 
Listen up, 
You bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck 



Chorus: Nate Dogg 

Till the roof comes off, 
Till the lights go out 
Till my legs give out 
Can't shut my mouth 
Till the smoke clears out 
And my high burn out 
I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse 
Till the roof comes off 
Till the lights go out 
Till my legs give out 
Can't shut my mouth 
Till the smoke clears out 
Am I high, perhaps? 
I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse 




Verse: Eminem 

Music is like magic, theres a certain feelin' 
You get when you're real,and you spit and people are feelin' ya shit 
This is your moment, 
and every single minute you get try'n hold on to it 
'cuz you may never get it again 
So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can 
And when your run is over 
Just admit when it's at its end 
'Cuz I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit gets in 
I got a list 
Here's the order of my list that it's in - 
It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupacâ€à‚Â¦ (Echoes) 


Verse: 2Pac 

Where my thugs at 

Huh, increase the doses, bustin whoever closest 
Thug livin, hell or prison, never losin my focus 
I`m makin money moves manditory 
In a discussion my past records tell a story 
Picture niggaz we rushin and still bustin 
til the cops come runnin, duck in abandoned buildings 
Ditchin my gun, homeboy the motherfuckin villain 
I live the lifestyles of drug dealers, but now legit list 
So I laugh til I cry, when the law come get me 
No baby momma drama, nigga miss me, why plant seeds 
in a dirty bitch, waitin to trick me, not the life for me 
Livin carefree, til I`m buried - and if they dare me 
I`m bustin on niggaz until they scurry, I`m clearly 
a man of military means in my artillery 
Watchin over me through every murder scene 
From adolescence, to my early teens, thought we was gonna die 
Sellin dope to all the fiends, at times I wanna cry 
And still, we try to change the past, in vain 
Never knowin if this game`ll last, feelin ashamed 
of cocaine, the product of the devil, am I sellin my soul? 
Got tired of small time livin, niggaz tellin me no 
I got MINE, FUCK THEM OTHER SUCKERS, that`s the mentality 
Jealous-ass bustaz (2x) 

I know you niggas been waiting for this shit for a long time 
well here it is nigga here it is 


Chorus: 


Verse: 2Pac 

No insanity plea for me, I ride the beef til I burn 
Sensimilla bar your kids from the lessons I learned 
And in turn I`m hostile guess you could call me anti-social 
Niggaz shakin like they caught the holy ghost when I approach em 
Try to politic, before I smoke em, like Sun Zu 
Niggaz do unto these snitches, before it`s done to you 
And if the cops come arrest me in the evening 
best believe they comin for my dogs in the mornin 
And if I die by a slug, the death of a true thug 
Tell me will my niggaz mourn me? Gettin blowed out 
High, watch me murder the bird, before he testify 
Strikes, walkin close to my third, I live a trouble life 
And if you dream be a part of my team 
From Long Beach to Queens, drug dealers to ex-fiends 
Keep yo` eyes on the prize, nigga watch for bustaz 


Chorus 


Verse: Eminem 

Soon as a verse starts I eat at an MCs heart, what is he thinkin' 
About to go against me?,smart 
And it's absurd how people hang on every word 
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve 
But I'll never be served, my 
Spot is forever reserved 
If I ever leave Earth 
That would be the death of me first 
'cuz in my heart of hearts I know nothin' could 
Ever be worse that's why I'm 
Clever when I put together every verse 
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like
I'm an addict 
I rap like I'm addicted to smack, 
Like I'm Kim Mathers 
But I don't wanna go forth and back in constant battles 
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers 
So this is like a full blown attack I'm launchin' 
At them, the track is on some 
Battlin' rap who wants some static 
'Cuz I don't really think that the fact that 
I'm Slim matters 
A plaque and platinum status is wack if I'm not the baddest 


Chorus 


[Eminem & Nate Dogg] 

Outro: Until the roof, (Until the roof) 
the roof comes off (The roof comes off) 
Until my legs, (Until my legs) 
give out from underneath me, 
I, I will not fall, 
I will stand tall 
Feels like no one can 
beat me 




Yeah, oh, get up, I said get up, let's go
Better watch out, now, here we come
And we ain't stoppin' until we see the mornin' sun
So give us room to do our thing
'Cuz we ain't come to hurt no one
So everybody come on get up on the floor
Right now and grab someone
Now first of all I'm the boss, I just wanna get that across
Man even my Dentist hates when I floss
Pull up to the club in a Pinto likes it's a Porsche
Garbage bag on one of the windows
Spray painted doors with the flames on 'em
Michigan plates and my name's on 'em
Baby, Shady's here come on get him, if you dames want 'em
But he ain't stupid so quit tryin' to run them games on him
He's immune to Cupid, why you tryin' to put your claims on him?
'Cuz you won't do to me what you did to the last man
Now climb in back try not to kick over the gas can
There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
We have of just gettin' home, now could I get that lap dance?



She's got a tattoo of me right up off her ass, man
In the streets of Warren, Michigan we call 'em tramp stamps
That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps
Down and show this hussy who's the man
Now, get up, dance
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nothin' but a White Trash Party
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
If there ain't no one but us trash
You dunno, you better ask somebody
'Cuz we're havin' a White Trash Party
Pull a fifth of Bacardi from outta my underwear
And walk around the party without a care
Like a body without a head
Lookin' like a zombie from 'Night of the Livin' Dead'
And tomorrow I'll prolly still be too high to get outta bed
'Til I feel like I been hit wit the sharp part'a the hammer
Mixin' Hennessey and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta
I shoot to kill like I'm hollerin' "Die Santa"
Miss the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders
So quit tryin' ta play the wall like you pawlin'
Get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap, darlin'
'Cuz as soon as they throw on some R-Kelly I start ballin'
Makin' it rain for them ladies in the mini's
But I'm not throwin' ones, fives, tens or even twenties
I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at skinnies
Man, I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's
From the north, east and west but when
It comes to them trailers in them South Parks
Muffle it, cuz homie that hood's tighter then Kenny's
So ladies if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outie
Now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy, c'mon
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nothin' but a White Trash Party
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
If there ain't no one but us trash
You dunno, you better ask somebody
'Cuz we're havin' a White Trash Party
Now whether you're black, white or purple if you're misunderstood
But you don't give a fuck, you weren't doin' shit that you should
Long as you know you're up to evil
And you're no damn good, get on the floor, man, and rep your 'hood
Now honey, don't let them pricks trip
We should make a quick dip
And go do some donuts in the hospital parkin' lot
'Cuz girl, I got a sick whip
Kick the back window outta my Gremlin
Put two milk crates in the trunk, rip out the stick shift and
Make a five seater, I'll be damned if I feed a chick
It ain't like me to split a piece 'a dry pita
I'll be the S, L to the I, M to the S, H, A, D, Y
And I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater
I'll rip a tree out the ground and flip it upside down
'Fore I turn over a new leaf, clown, I'll tell ya now
I'm so raw I still need to unthaw, you feel me, yall?
I shut the club down like Drake in the mall
But baby, a body like that's against the law
You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw
Coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all
You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car
Now get up
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nothin' but a White Trash Party
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
If there ain't no one but us trash
You dunno, you better ask somebody
'Cuz we're havin' a White Trash Party

(Intro:) 
I remember the first time I came here, it's been a rough six 
years, and I'm just happy to not be that person anymore, and so is 
my wife. (Crowd laughs) 
Thank you for letting me do this. Thats all I have to share right 
now. (Crowd claps) 
[Spokesperson Speaking] 
Is there anyone else who would like to share with us tonight' 
[Eminem Speaking] 
Uhh...yeah 
My name is Marshall 
(Crowd: Hi Marshall) 
Yeah, 
It's my life, 
In my own words I guess. 

(Couplet 1:) 
Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for' 
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for' 
When they know they're your heart



And you know you were their armour 
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm 'em 
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you' 
And everything you stand for, turns on you, despite you' 
What happens when you become the main source of a pain' 
"Daddy look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane 
"Daddy where's Mommy' I can't find Mommy where is she'" 
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy 
Daddy's writing this song, this song ain't gonna write itself 
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself 
Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her 
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her 
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy 
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby 

(Refrain) [x2] 
And when I'm gone, just carry on don't mourn rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice, 
Just know that I'm lookin' down on you smilin, 
And I didn't feel a thing so baby don't feel no pain, just smile back! 

(Couplet 2:) 
I keep havin' this dream, I'm pushin Hailie on the swing she keeps screamin', 
She don't want me to sing, 'You're makin mommy cry, why, why is mommy crying'', 
Baby, Daddy ain't leavin' no more, 
'Daddy you're lying, 
You always say that, you always say this is the last time, 
but you ain't leavin' no more, Daddy you're mine!', 
She's piling boxes in front of the door tryin' to block it, 
'Daddy please daddy, don't leave daddy no, stop it!' 
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket, it's got a picture, 
'This'll keep you safe daddy, take it witcha.' 
I look up, it's just me standin in the mirror, these fucking walls must be talkin cuz man I can hear em. 
They're sayin you got one more chance to do right, and it's tonight,
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em for its too late 
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door it turns to a stage, they're gone 
And the spotlight is on and I'm singin' 

(Refrain) [x2] 
And when I'm gone, just carry on don't mourn, 
rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice, 
Just know that I'm lookin' down on you smilin, 
And I didn't feel a thing so baby don't feel no pain, just smile back! 

[Verse 3] 
Sixty thousand people, all jumpin' out their seat, 
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet, 
I take a bow, 'and thank you all for comin' out,' 
They're screamin so loud, I take one last look at the crowd, 
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seein', 
'Daddy it's me! Help mommy her wrists are bleedin'!', 
But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden'! 
'I followed you daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin', 
You lied to me dad, and now you made mommy sad, 
And I bought you this coin, 
It says "number 1 dad", that's all I wanted, 
I just want to give you this coin, 
I get the point, fine, me and mommy are goin." 
But baby wait-, 
'its too late dad, you made your choice. Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us, 
That's what they want, 
They want you Marshal, they keep, 
screamin your name, it's no wonder you can't go to sleep. 
Just take another, pill, yeah I bet you, you will, 
You rap about it. Yeah word, k-keep it real', 
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see, 
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me, 
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it, 
put it to my brain, scream 'Gosh Shady!' and pop it! 
The sky darkens, my life flashes, 
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes, 
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', 
There's birds singin', it's spring and 
Hailie's outside swingin', 
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her, 
Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister, almost as if to say-, 

(Refrain) [x2] 
And when I'm gone, just carry on don't mourn, 
rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice, 
Just know that I'm lookin' down on you smilin, 
And I didn't feel a thing so baby don't feel no pain, just smile back. 







[Obie Trice] 
"Obie Trice, Real Name, No Gimmicks..." 

[Record Scratches] 

[Beat Changes] 

[Eminem] 
Two trailer park girls go round the outside, 
round the outside, round the outside. 
Two trailer park girls go round the outside, 
round the outside, round the outside. 

[Eminem] 
Wooo! 

[Female Voice] 
"Ooooohhhhh!" 




[Eminem] 
Guess who's back, back again 
Shady's back, tell a friend 
Guess who's back, guess who's back, 
guess who's back, guess who's back, 
guess who's back, guess who's back, 
guess who's back... 
Duh da 
Da um, da um, da um, da um, da um, da um, da um, 
Duh da 
Da um, da um, da um, da um, da um, da um, da um, 

I've created a monsta, 'cuz nobody wants to 
See Marshall no more, they want Shady, 
I'm chopped liver. 
Well, if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya 
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor 
Some vodka that will jumpstart my heart quicka 
Then a shock when I get shocked at the hospital 
By the doctor when I'm not cooperating 
When I'm rockin' the table while he's operating "Hey!" 
You waited this long to stop debating 
'Cuz I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating 
I know that you got a job Mrs. Cheney 
But your husband's heart problem is complicating 
So the FCC won't let me be 
Or let me be me so let me see 
They tried to shut me down on MTV 
But it feels so empty without me 
So come on dip, bum on your lips 
Fuck that 
Come on your lips and some on your tits, 
And get ready 'cuz this shit's about to get heavy 
I just settled all my lawsuits, "Fuck you Debbie!" 

Chorus: 
Now this looks like a job for me 
So everybody just follow me 
'Cuz we need a little controversy, 
'Cuz it feels so empty without me 
I said this looks like a job for me 
So everybody just follow me 
'Cuz we need a little controversy, 
'Cuz it feels so empty without me 


Little hellions, kids feelin' rebellious 
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis 
They start feelin' like prisoners, helpless, 
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells "BITCH!" 
A visionary, vision is scary, could start a revolution, 
Pollutin' the air waves 
A rebel, 
So let me just revel and bask, 
In the fact that I got everyone kissin' my ass 
And it's a disaster, such a catastrophe 
For you to see so damn much of my ass, you asked for me? 
Well I'm back (Da Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na) fix your bent antenna 
Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter 
Into the front of your skin like a splinter 
The center of attention back for the winter 
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling 
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting 
"Testing: Attention Please!" 
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me 
Here's my 10 cents, my 2 cents is free 
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me? 

(Chorus 2x) 

Verse 3: 
A tisk-it a task-it, 
I go tit for tat with anybody who's talkin' this shit, that shit 
Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked 
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards, 
And Moby?, you can get stoned by Obie, 
You 36 year-old bald-headed fag blow me 
You don't know me, you're too old 
Let go, it's over, nobody listens to techno 
Now let's go, just give me the signal 
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults 
I been dope, suspenseful with a pencil 
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol (knife scrapes) 
But sometimes the shit just seems,
Everybody only wants to discuss me 
So this must mean I'm disgusting, 
But it's just me I'm just obscene 
Though I'm not the first king of controversy 
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley, 
To do Black music so selfishly 
And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey!) 
There's a concept that works 
20 million other white rappers emerge 
But no matta how many fish in the sea 
It'll be so empty without me 

(Chorus 2x) 

(Sung twice:) 
Heh-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la 
La-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la 

"Kids!" 






Just the two of us.. (8X) 

[Eminem] 
Baby your da-da loves you (hey) 
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens 
You're all I got in this world 
I would never give you up for nothin 
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me 
I love you 

C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach 
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat 
Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk 
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk 
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin 
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women 
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!) 
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful? 
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!) 



And mama said she wants to show how far she can float 
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat 
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin 
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt 
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water 
and me and you can play by ourselves, can't we? 

Just the two of us.. (2X) 
And when we ride! 
Just the two of us.. (2X) 
Just you and I! 
Just the two of us.. (2X) 
And when we ride! 
Just the two of us.. (2X) 
Just you and I! 

See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell 
A place called prison and a place called jail 
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one 
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson 
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah) 
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better 
I'll explain it to ya 
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad 
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad 
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out 
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!) 
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga? 
Her make poo-poo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee 
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty 
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water 
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter 

Just the two of us.. (2X) 
And when we ride! 
Just the two of us.. (2X) 
Just you and I! 
Just the two of us.. (2X) 
And when we ride! 
Just the two of us.. (2X) 
Just you and I! 

Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway 
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier 
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea 
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!) 
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry 
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake 
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!) 
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock 
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free.. 
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh) 
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta 
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order 
No more step-da-da, no more new brother 
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!) 
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk 
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk 

Just the two of us.. (2X) 
And when we ride! 
Just the two of us.. (2X) 
Just you and I! 
Just the two of us.. (2X) 
And when we ride! 
Just the two of us.. (2X) 
Just you and I! 

Just the two of us.. (4X) 

[Eminem] 
Just me and you baby 
is all we need in this world 
Just me and you 
Your da-da will always be there for you 
Your da-da's always gonna love you 
Remember that 
If you ever need me I will always be here for you 
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there 
Your da-da loves you 
I love you baby

(Eminem) 
Yo yo yo yo yo (this is) 
This is my motherfucking anthem (hip hop) 
To hip hop music (anthem) 
Cause I'm gonna keep doing hip hop music 
until the day that I die (aight bitch)

Yo I'm into voodoo, tarot cards and ugji boards 
Lighting candles camping out at haunted beach resorts 
I write the dark shit, and rap about perverted violence 
Ghost stories of people murdered on deserted islands 
Dressed in jean shorts, high tops and tube socks 
Holding a rifle, with a life full of drama like Tupac's 
Jumping off roof tops drunk after i do shots 
Landing in someone's backyard getting chewed up by two rotts 
I got a new watch and two rings with huge rocks 
This rap shit got cash coming out the blue like nude cops 
I use to sell pizza's, now i got twelve visa's 
So tell jesus I'm gonna quit sending when hell freezes 




(Refrain) 
That's why my brain is out of order
That's probley why my nights are getting colder and my day seems shorter 
But as the world turns and I keep growing older 
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over 
Bitch till hell freezes over 
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over 
And as the world turns and i keep growing older 
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes...over 

Yo I use to be to heavy in that cruising rap shit crap 
I think i fucked my head up listing to acid rap 
I go to party's bumping nasty nas's new song 
And smoke pot till I get high and i stare at shit for too long 
Like this weed is laced aint, it taste tainted 
Your whole place fainted, I woke up with my face painted 
Spaced out like sci-fi t.v 
Fuck ICP buy my cd 
cause while I'm screaming while I'm handing out promo tapes of my debut 
telling bitches let me eat your pussy while I shave you 
Aint no shame in my game I turn the party out 
Making everybody shout for the rapper with potty mouth 

(Refrain) 
That's why my brain is out of order
That's probley why my nights are getting colder and my day seems shorter 
But as the world turns and i keep growing older 
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over 
Bitch till hell freezes over 
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over 
And as the world turns and i keep growing older 
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes...over 

Uh, uh uh uh uh 
Ah ah ah ah 
Uh uh uh uh 
Ah ah ah ah 
Uh uh uh uh (Dr.dre) 
Ah ah ah ah (Slim shady) (Outsiders )

Too late for the other side 
Caught in a chase 
25 to life 
Too late for the other side 
Caught in a chase 
25 to life 
Yeah 
Too late 
I can't keep chasing em 
I'm taking my life back 
Caught in a chase 
25 to life 

I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I made 
Maybe if this bitch had acted right I would've stayed 
But I've already wasted over half of my life I would've laid 
Down and died for you I no longer cry for you 
No more pain bitch you 
Took me for granted took my heart and ran it straight into the planet 
Into the dirt I can no longer stand it 



Now my respect I demand it 
Imma take control of this relationship 
Command it, and imma be the boss of you now goddamnit 
And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me 
So you better hear me out this much you owe me 
I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you while I've stayed 
Faithful all the way this is how I fucking get repaid 
Look at how I dress fucking baggy sweats, go to work a mess 
Always in a rush to get back to you I ain't heard you yet 
Not even once say you appreciate me I deserve respect 
Ive done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness 
And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothing left 
But you keep treating me like a staircase it's time to fucking step 
And I wont be coming back so don't hold your fucking breath 
You know what you've done no need to go in depth 
I told you, you'd be sorry if I fucking left 
Id laugh while you wept 
Hows it feel now, yeah, funny ain't it, you neglected me 
Did me a favor although my spirit free you've set 
But a special place for you in my heart I have kept 
It's unfortunate but it's, 

(Refrain:) 
Too late for the other side 
Caught in a chase 
25 to life 
Too late for the other side 
Caught in a chase 
25 to life 

I feel like when I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh 
Cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half 
Til I snap 
Don't think I'm loyal 
All I do is rap 
How can I moonlight on the side 
I have no life outside of that 
Don't I give you enough of my time 
You don't think so do you 
Jealous when I spend time with the girls 
Why I'm married to you still man I don't know 
But tonight I'm serving you with papers 
I'm divorcing you 
Go marry someone else and make em famous 
And take away their freedom like you did to me 
Treat em like you don't need them and they ain't worthy of you 
Feed em the same shit you made me eat 
I'm moving on forget you oh, 
Now I'm special? Oh, I didn't feel special when i was with you 
All I ever felt was this 
Helplessness 
Imprisoned by a selfish bitch 
Chew me up and spit me out 
I fell for this so many times 
It's ridiculous 
And still I stick with this 
I'm sick of this but in my sickness and addiction 
You're as addictive as they get 
Evil as they come vindictive as they make em 
My friends keep asking why I can't just walk away from 
I'm addicted 
To the pain, the stress, the drama 
I'm drown in so I guess imma mess
Cursed and blessed 
But this time imma 
Ain't changing my mind 
I'm climbing out this abyss 
You screaming as I walk out that I'll be missed 
But when you spoke to people who meant the most to you 
You left me off your list 

Fuck you hip-hop 
I'm leaving you, my life sentence is served bitch 
And it's just 

(refrain) 
Too late for the other side 
Caught in a chase 
25 to life 
Too late for the other side 
Caught in a chase 
25 to life 
Too late 
Caught in a chase 
25 to life

Ohh ohhh 
Oh(yea) oh(yea) oh(yea) 
Ohh ohhh 
Ohhh 
Oh(yea) oh(yea) oh(yea) 
Ohh ohh 
Oohh 
Oh(yea) oh(yea) oh(yea) oh(yea)oh(yea) 
Ohh 
Woahh 
There is no escaping (yo)(yooo) 
There's no place to hide(yooo)(yooo) 
Yes please someone save me(yo)(yooo) 
But they don't pave no mind( yooo) (yooo) 
(Good night) 
Good bye 

Your walkin down a horror corridor
It's almost 4 in the mornin 
And your in a 



Nightmare 
It's HORRIBLE 
Right there's the coroner 
Waitin for you 
To turn the corner 
So he can corner ya 
Your a goner 
He's ona ya 
Out the corner of his cornea 
He just saw you run 
All you want is to rest 
Cause you can't run anymore 
Your done 
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience 
While everybody 
Is watchin in the party applauding it 
Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again 
Contemplading my next plot again
Swallowin the Klonopin 
While I'm noddin 
In and out on the autumn and 
If the ramada inn 
Holdin onto the pill bottle then 
Stick my finger and swirl it round the bottom 
And make sure I got all of it 
Wake up naked at mcdonalds 
With 
Blood all over me 
Dead bodies 
Behind the counter 
SHIT 
Guess I must of just blacked out again 
NOT AGAIN 

(Refrain:) 
It's 3 a.m in the mornin 
Put my key in the door 
There's bodies laying all over the floor and 
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed them 
Killed them 

I said 
It's 3 a.m in the mornin 
Put my key in the door 
There's bodies laying all over the floor and 
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed them 
Killed them 

Sitting nude in my living room 
It's almost noon 
I wonder what's on the tube 
Maybe they'll show some boobs 
Surfing every channel 
Until I find hannah montana 
Then I reach for the aloe and lanalin 
Bust all over the wall panel and dismantlin 
Every candle on top of the fire place 
Mantalin 
Grab my flannel and my bandana then 
Kiss the naked manakin man again
You can see him standin in my 
Front window 
If you look in 
I'm just a hooligan 
Who's use to usin hallicinogens 
Causin illusions again 
Brain contusions again 
Cutting and bruising the skin 
Raise the scissors and pins 
Jesus when does it end 
Phases that I go through 
Dazed and not so confused 
Days that I don't know who 
Gave these molecules too 
Me 
What am I gone do 
Had the prodical son 
The diabolical one 
Very methodical 
When I slaughtered them 

(refrain) 
It's 3 a.m in the mornin 
Put my key in the door 
There's bodies laying all over the floor and 
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed them 
Killed them 

I said 
It's 3 a.m in the mornin 
Put my key in the door 
There's bodies laying all over the floor and 
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed them 
Killed them 

She puts the lotion in the bucket 
He puts the lotion on the skin 
Or else it gets the hose again 
She puts the lotion in the bucket 
He puts the lotion on the skin 
Or else it gets the hose again 

I duck and I slash slice and gash 
Last night was a blast 
I can't quite remember when I 
Had that much fun 
Off a half pint fifth of jack 
My last vic and a half 
A flashlight 
Up kim kardashians ass 

I remember the first time 
I dismembered a family member 
December I think it was 
I was having drinks with my cuz 
And I wrapped him 
In christmas lights 
Pushed him into the stinkin tub 
Cut him up into pieces 
Then just when I went to drink his 
Blood 
I thought I outta drink this bath water 
That outta be fun 
That's when my days of serial murder man slaughter begun 
The sight of blood excites me 
That might be an artery son 
Your blood curdling screams 
Just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 am 
And here I come 
So you should probably run 
A secret passage way around here 
Man there's got to be one 
Oh no there's probably none 
He can scream all that he wants 
Top of his lungs 
It aint no stoppin me from choppin him up(up) 

(refrain) 
Cause it's 3 a.m in the mornin 
Put my key in the door 
There's bodies laying all over the floor and 
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed them 
Killed them 

I said 
It's 3 am in the mornin 
Put my key in the door 
There's bodies laying all over the floor and 
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed them 
Killed them 

Yooo (yoooo) 
A yoooo (a yoooo) 
Yooo (yoooo) 
A yoooo (a yoooo) 
Yooo (yoooo) 
A yoooo (a yoooo) 
Yooo (yoooo) 
A yoooo ( a yoooo)



I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless 
Patrolling corners 
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters 
I'm meaner in action 
Than Rosco beating James Tarteenyer (?) 
And smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments 
I grew up in the wild hood 
As a hazardous youth 
With a fucked up childhood 
That I used as an excuse 
And aint shit changed 
But kept the same mindstate 
Since the third time that I failed 9th grade 
You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it 
I don't promote violence I just encourage it 
I laugh at the sight of death 
As I fall down a cement flight of steps 
And land inside a bed of spider webs 



So throw caution to the wind 
You and a friend 
Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again 
Shit, why not? Blow your brain out 
I'm blowing mine out 
Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now 

It's only fair to warn 
I was born with a set of horns 
And metaphors attached to my damn umbulical cord 
Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a two by four board 
And smash into your Honda Accord
With a 4 door Ford 
But I'm on tour droppin an accapella 
To chop a fella 
To mozarella 
Worse than a hellacopta propella 
Got you locked in the cella 
With your skeleton showing 
Developing anorexia 
While I'm standin next to ya 
Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death 
With an IV in your veins 
Feeding you liquid darvicet 
Pumping you full of drugs 
Pull the plugs 
On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs 
Who were picked up in an ambulance 
And driven 
To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants 
And given 
A less than 20 percent chance 
Of living 
Have a possible placement 
As a hospital patient 
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement 
Doctor Kevorkian has arrived 
To perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'M STILL ALIVE!" 
Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp 
And pulling your adams apple out through your mouth 
Better call the fire department 
I've hired a arson 
To set fire to carpet 
And burn up your entire apartment
I'm a liar to start shit 
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick 
So tight you need a crobar to pry her apart wit 

Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg 
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg 
Go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40 
Mixed it with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D 
Fuck an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead 
Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead 
No more said case closed end of discussion 
I'm blowin up like spontaneous human combustion 
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas 
Cross the bombas (?) 
We blowin up your house killing your parents 
and coming back to get your foster mommas 
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus 
Cause I aint making no more threats 
I'm doing drivebys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets 
I'm more or less sick in the head 
Maybe more cause I smoked crack 
today, yesterday, and the day before 
Salvatore (?) 
Walk the block with a labrador 
Strapit more corral for war than El Salvador 
Foul style galore 
Verbal cow manure 
Coming together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure 






Artist: Eminem f/ Eye-Kyu 
Eye-Kyu: Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313 
None of these skills you bout to see come free 
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me 
If you ever wanna be one see 

Eminem: Man what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 
None of these skills you bout to see come free 
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me 
If you ever wanna be one see 

Verse 1: Eye-Kyu 
Yo some people say I'm whack, now if that's right 
I'm the freshest whack MC that you ever heard, in your lifetime 
My slick a capella sounds clever with the beats 
Boy I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets 
Forgot a gold digger's succubus , my souls thick with ruggedness 
With the mic I'm like a dyke, can't no nigga fuck with this 



I got more Different Strokes than Philip Drummound 
On open mic I bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming (bitch) 
We elevated to new heights premeditated 
Let it be that I stated they hate it now that they see that I made it 
The escalated can be put to the test of greatness 
Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it 
So I take it that's the reason I'm hated 
To represent my temperment 
If rap was a dick all you so called hard MC's would not be impitant 
But pimping it, and acting like you could rock a show (so) 
Harder than LL's Rock the Bells, but you is a ho (now) 
Everything that you collaborate I lacerate 
My rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate 
At a faster rate, yeah I got something for your ass to hate 
I blasterate, and have you all running master gates 
And as for face clutching and touching the flows 
I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose 
Bucking these hoes, I got that shit down to a science 
Leaving them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance 
Defiance, no we won't have that 
You want your shit to blow up? 
Well I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack 
And blast that shit to kingdom come 
Then bring them some of this real hip-hop 
I drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about 
And you all knew from Meeko 
That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Forigno 
So stop that bullshit and flow 
Yo, you need to come with the real skills, and act like you know 

Chorus: Eminem 
So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 
None of these skills you bout to see come free 
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me 
If you ever wanna be one see 

Eye-Kyu: Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313 
None of these skills you bout to see come free 
So you wanna be the sweet MC, you gotta become me 
If you ever wanna be one see 

Verse 2: Eminem 
So what, you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 
You don't know shit so when you see one flee 
You can be Run-D, you'll never be the MC 
I stop the alphabet at S and got it down to a T 
I'm sure you're bound to agree, a sweet MC crashed the spot 
I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott 
Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me 
I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fucking memory 
It's either them or me man, kill or be killed 
You will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed 
My facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity 
I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitting 
If he's acting soft and he cowers 
He better come cleaner then Jay Rue jacking off when he showers 
You flowers got no clout with a thing 
You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang 
I showered the slang, simple as A,B,C's 
Skip over the D's and rock the microphone with E's 
Dethrone MC's and I'ma max alone
Relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone 
So facts are known, writers get treated with shocks 
I rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks 
I'm greeted with flocks, of fellow follower's singers 
You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their 
fingers 
But you can bring yours let's see what you got 
But don't front and never try to be what you're not 
Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back 
And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't Jack 

Chorus: Eye-Kyu 
So what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313 
None of these skills you just seen come free 
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me 
So you ain't ever gonna be one see
Eminem: So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 
None of these skills that you just seen come free 
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me 
So you ain't ever gonna be one see





[Shabaam Shadeeq] 
Of course I rap till I'm hoarse 
Add the sauce to them dry turkey mc's 
Say what you like, I toss 
In theory when you hear me 
Like the guts of the Dutch 
Snap caught you in the act like Vivitar 
AF 2-5-5 auto-focus clear vision 
Precision mics for people of all types 
Call the cavalry 
My brutality switch the pitch gradually 
Aqua turntable knocka 
Fresh like binocca 
Jot the thoughts in my chronicles 
Remarkable styles Shadeeq taxed it 
Make an exit to spark mine 
Nuclear physics with cannibals and phat rhymes 
They know the time like it's sundown at explow 

[Eminem] 



Went to bible class with a gun 
Blasted a nun 
Fuck hell, Satan sent my ass to the sun 
I wasn't born I was hatched 
And dumped in the trash 
With a note attached saying 
Someone please whip this brat's ass 
I never gave a rat's ass or a flying fuck 
Driving drunk in a fire truck with the siren stuck 
Slammin the brakes 
Skiddin out cuz the tires suck 
I went to pull you off my dick 
And got the pliers stuck 
You better run cuz I'm probably the only one 
Crazy enough to shoot your ass with a knife 
And stab you with a gun 
I like fire, you might see me start it
I'm slightly retarded 
I miss my sanity since the night we departed 

[Skam] 
Oldworlddisorder on some outnumbered shit 
We rather go outta control then to be under it 
Yo, how you goin against us 
when we got nothin to loose? 
Must be confused 
to pray to a god that don't excist 
that wouldn't save yo bible kissin ass 
and even if he did 
we like to twist the mist ___ 
Genetick dead end 
don't got friend 
Skam is chatter man 
posin childeren for depression 
Stressin nutty language 
say my name is Gladys 
That's two ___ blaw 
suck the life outta you 
There won't be enough of your brain left 
to fill a tea spoon 
We two vanishin man that make the bad things plan 
and probably go platinum on the day that the world ends 

[Kwest] 
When it comes to beef 
I get relieved when I kill it brief 
Send you a reef 
get your family ready for grief 
I knock your teeth 
they're conceit like a thief 
Make a change of release 
burn or leave before you go beneath 
Rappers I kill em 
down is where I send them villian 
My plan is illin so much I need some peniculine 
Cats is spillin cause I'm down here 
kickin shit that's solitaire 
you crown is rip 
cause rapper you sound counterfeit 
You get a round of clips 
if you play hard 
you stay scarred 
Thinkin of graveyard 
you're in a caveyard 
One in the mill 
son I'm ill when it comes to skills 
wanna get killed and catch a dum dum in your grill 
Rappers demenishing is ___ I get to the finish 
I'm speaking English 
while your brothers is speaking in gibberish 
You touch a mic and 
I'm out to burry your fingers 
You want some fame? 
I'll beat you up in front of Jerry Springer 
So pay the price 
say the nice 
when I pay the dice 
I take your life 
slay it twice before your ___ arrive 

[A.L.] 
Cats who ride with feminem. 
I'm singin this without, 
the benefit sin sinamen sin sin sin sinamen 
So submit it in your mental 
Since you find it essential 
this ___ simple sentences 
this sentence is simple 
you banned from using writing utinsels 
Wether ___ crayon pen and pencil 
observe verse with syntax 
that causes skin crack or an impact
Send a rap shot with ___________ 
and then whack 
then back to the lab to add what most of them lack 
I can hand you a manual of what I plan to do to you more tantual 
you still wouldn't understand the full concept 
and sniff trough your fingers like sandgranuals 
___ and a blue sea anually 
and you will see wich aninal me 
and fifty of us spittin up that written stuff 
It's all the same 
___ is the reason for cyphas prematurely spittin up 
Ironic, phonic 
sure my flow is far from enbionic 
to be honest __ is a cronic antibiotic 
I'm beyond it 
The texure of my lecture is complex like a proffesor's 
Scep these ___ exceptionall when I bless sound parsepticals 
Bust trenches trough my vest 
To be turns crews to vegetables 
then grab my testicals and cup em 
fuck it, let's ___ 






(it's ok, it's ok, i'm gonna make it anyway) 


Sometimes I just feel like, quitting I still might 
Why do I put up this fight, why do I still write 
Sometimes it's hard enough just dealin wit real life 
Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics 
And show these people what my level of skills like 
But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life 
Something ain't right, hit the brake lights 
Case of the stage fright, drawin a blank like... 
uh, but it I fall, it ain't my fault 
Breaken eyeballs, my insides crawl
And I clam up(SLAM) I just slam shut 
I just can't do it, my whole manhood's 
Just been stripped, I have just been vicked 
So i must then get, off this bus then split 
Man fuck this shit yo, I'm going the fuck home 



World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 mile road 

[Chorus] 
I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan 
Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land 
Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back 
(8 mile road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm going 
Sorry mama I'm grown, I must travel alone 
Ain't following no footsteps, I'm making my own 
Only way I know how to escape from this 8 mile road 

[Eminem] 
I'm walking these train tracks, tryin to regain back 
the spirit I had fore I go back to the same crap 
To the same plant, in the same pants 
Tryin to chase rap, gotta move ASAP 
And get a new plan, mommas got a new mam 
Poor little baby sister, she don't understand 
Sits in front of the T.V, buries her nose in the pad 
And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand 
While she colors her big brother, her mother and dad 
Ain't no tellin what really goes on in her little head 
Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had 
But I keep runnin from something I never wanted so bad! 
Sometimes I get upset, cause I ain't blew up yet 
It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet 
Don't got a rep my step, don't got enough pep 
The pressures to much man, I'm just tryin to do whats best 
And I try, sit alone and I cry 
Yo I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by 
That I don't pray to the sky, please I'm beggin you God 
Please don't let me be pigeon holed in no regular job 
Yo I hope you can hear me homey wherever you are 
Yo I'm tellin you dawg I'm bailin this trailer tomorrow 
Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye 
Say whenevr you need me baby I'm never to far 
But yo I gotta get out there the only way that I know 
And I'ma be back for you the second that I blow 
On everything I own, I'll make it on my own 
Off to work I go, back to this 8 mile road 

[Chorus] 

[Eminem] 
You gotta live it to feel it, you didn't you wouldn't get it 
Or see what the big deal is, why it wasn't it still is 
To be walkin this boarder line of Detroit city limits 
It's different, it's a certain significance, a certificate 
Of authenticity, you've never even seen 
But it's everthing to me, it's my credibility 
You've never seen, heard, smelled, or met a real MC 
Who's incredible on the same pedastal as me 
The check still unsigned, having a rough time 
Sit on the porch wit all my friends and kick dumb rhymes 
Go to work and serve MC's in the lunch line 
But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go 
Who must I show, to bust my flow 
Where must I go, who must I know
Or am I just another crab in the bucket 
Cause I ain't havin no luck with this little Rabbit so fuck it 
Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm startin to doubt shit 
I'm feelin a little skeptical who I hang out with 
I look like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit 
At the salvation army tryin to salvage an outfit 
And it's cold tryin to travel this road 
Plus I feel like on stuck in this battlin mode 
My defenses are so up, and one thing I don't want 
Is pity from no one, this city is no fun 
There is no sun, and it's so dark 
Sometimes I just feel like I being pulled apart 
From each one of my limbs, by each one of my friends 
It's enough to just make me wanna jump out of my skin 
Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not 
What I'm doin I just blow, my head is a stove top 
I just explode, the kettle gets so hot 
Sometimes my mouth just overloads the acid that I don't got 
But I've learned, it's time for me to u-turn 
Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned 
Ain't no falling no next time I meet a new girl 
I can no longer play stupid or be immature 
I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage 
Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words 
Got the urge, suddenly it's a search
Suddenly a new burst of energy has ocurred 
Time to show these free world leaders at three in the third 
I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird 
Then I turn and cross over the median curb 
Hit the berbs and all you see is a blur from 8 mile road 

[CHORUS] 







[Lotto] 
(spoken) 
Yo, it's ime toget rid of this coward once and for all. 
I'm sick of the motha fucka! Check this shit out! 
[Rap] 
I'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me! 
This shit is a horror flick, 
but the black guy doesn't die in this movie! 
Fuckin' wit Lotto, dawg, you gotta be kiddin! 
That makes me believe you really don't have an interest in livin! 
You think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say? 
I got a betta chance with joining the KKK. 
On some real shit, though, I like you 
That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit sucide to 
Fuck 'Lotto,'call me your leader 
I feel bad I gotta murder that dude from "Leave It To Beaver" 
I used to like that show, now you got me to "fight back" mode 
But oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go! 



I hate to do this, I would love for this shit to last 
So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass 
And all's well that ends well, ok? 
So I'll end this shit with a "FUCK you, but have a nice day!" 



[Eminem] 
Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver 
So was Eddie Haskal, Wally, and Ms. Cleaver 
This guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid! 
Quick, someone get his ass another steroid! 
"Blahbity bloo blah blah blahbity blooh blah!" 
I ain't hear a wordyou said, "hipidy hooblah!" 
Is that a tank top, or a new bra? 
Look Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boob job! 
Didn't you listen to the last round, meat head? 
Pay attention you saying the same shit that he said! 
Matter fact, dog here's a pencil 
Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful, 
And don't come back until something dope hits you 
Fuck it! You can take the mic hme with you! 
Lookin like Cyclone hit you, 
Tank top screamin', "Lotto, I don't fit you!" 
You see how far those white jokes get you? 
Boys like how Vanilla Ice gonna diss you?" 
My motto: Fuck Lotto! 
I get the 7 digits from your mother for a dolla tommorow! 







Now everybody from the 313 
Put your mothefucking hands up and follow me 
Everybody from the 313 
Put your mothefucking hands up 
Look Look 

Now while he stands tough 
Notice that this man did not have his hands up 
This free world got you gassed up 
Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf 

1, 2, 3 and to the 4 
1 pac, 2 pac, 3 pac, 4 
4 pac, 3 pac, 2 pac, 1 
You're pac, he's pac, no pacs; none

This guy aint no mother-fuckin MC,
I know everything he's got to say against me, 



I am white, I am a fuckin bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom, 
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom. 
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob who shoots 
himself in the leg with his own gun, 
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps 
And Wink did fuck my girl, 
I'm still standin here screamin "FUCK THE FREE WORLD!" 
Don't ever try to judge me dude 
You don't know what the fuck I've been through 

But I know something about you 
You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school 
What's the matter dawg? You embarrased? 
This guy's a gangster, he's real name's Clarence 

And Clarence lives at home with both parents 
And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage 
This guy don't wanna battle, He's shook 
'Cause there no such things as half-way crooks 
He's scared to death 
He's scared to look in his fuckin yearbook, fuck Cranbrook 

Fuck the beat, i go acapella 
Fuck a papa doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody 
Fuck y'all if you doubt me 
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly 
And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outty, 
Here, tell these people something they dont know about me. 






[Lickety Split] 

This guy's a choke artist 
Ya catch a bad one 
Your better off shootin yourself 
With Papa Doc's handgun 
Climbin up this mountain your weak 
Ill leave you lost without a paddle 
Floatin shits creek 

You ain't Detroit, Im the D 
Your the new kid on the block 
Bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks 
Fuckin Nazi, this crowd ain't your type 
Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice 
And what I tell you, you better use it 
This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music 




Trailor trash, Ill choke you to your last breath 
And have you lookin foolish 
Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself 
Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that 
Cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack 
And when you actin up thats when you got jacked up 
And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up 

Ill crack your shoulder blade 
Youll get dropped so hard 
Elvis will start turnin in his grave 
I dont know why they let you out in the dark 
You need to take your white ass back across 8 mile 
To the trailor park 

[Rabbit] 

This guy raps like his parents jerked him 
He sounds like Eric Sermon, the generic version 
This whole crowd looks suspicious
Its all dudes in here, except for these bitches 
So Im a German, Eh 
Thats ok, you look like a fuckin worm with braids 
These Leaders of the Free World rookies 
Lookie, how can 6 dicks be pussies

Talkin bout shits creek 
Bitch, you could be up piss creek 
With paddles this deep 
Your still gonna sink 
Your a disgrace 
Yeah, they call me Rabbit 
This is a turtle race 

He can't get with me spittin this shit 
Wickedly lickety shot 
Spickety spickety split lickety 
So Im gonna turn around with a great smile 
And walk my white ass back across 8 mile! 







Song: 9-1-1 
Artist: Boo Yaa Tribe ft. Eminem, B Real 
Album: West Koasta Nostra 

(As music starts) 
Eminem 
WHOOOOOOOOO!! HAHAHA 
Guess who's back! 
Mommy! We're home! 
Say hello to my little friends! 
DJ Muggs, Soul Assassins, Cypress Hill! 
Everybody, Put your hands where my eyes can see em! 

(Eminem) 
Everywhere we go people know we roll deep as fuck 
40 50 Samoans aint no one wanna deal with us 
50 Twizzy Obie there won't be no hoe in us 
They pop shit like they gonna do shit but no one does 



When we move down to Texas back up to Los Angeles 
We change the way we move so man up if you can't adjust 
You may end up getting rushed by too many to handle us 
Its funny I guess money does have its advantages 
And it isn't that we just think that we can't be touched 
Its not like we're just feelin ourselves that much it's just 
That if someone ever does put us in the clutch 
We just know that ya'll aint gonna be the one who's gonna do it 
Cuz first of all you're pushy and everybody can see that 
You fuck around get caught in a spot that you shouldn't be at 
That you got no business being in and we aint even gonna be in it 
No one's gonna hear nothin no one's gonna see the shit 
And they'll be in and up out it them boys is bout it bout it 
And the noise from clips n rounds will be drownded out by the crowd
And you'll be layin on the ground getting trampled by people dancing 
Till the club closes and clears out and that's when they see you flattened 
Nobody saw it happen, all cuz the jaws are flappin 
And you couldn't stop yappin and took it passed rappin 
It aint about the music no more, its about tryin to show off 
And it feels like any minute the bomb is about to go off 

Chorus: (Eminem) 
Shit's about to change cuz we aint playin no games 
We aint budgin neither are they and we aint sayin no names 
Shit just aint the same when the cage get to sprayin 
Hip Hop is in a state of 9-1-1 
It aint about hip hop cuz those days are gone 
It aint about tryin to rip shop to get props no more 
Its about tryin not to get popped and get dropped to the floor cuz 
Hip Hop is in a state of 9-1-1 

(Be Real) 
I took the strap off my holster cuz shit is getting serious 
All these drugs you be fuckin with make you delirious 
Thinkin you comin with heat yo son I'm curious 
How long are you gonna hate us and judge us and jury us 
Some people can never fade us they make us so curious 
Mistake us for fakers homey with raider with glorious 
We live it for real and others just makin the stories up 
Illusions so broken so live it up you corny fucks 
If you take a fuckin minute to think about what you done 
When you stood against a gangta who live and die by the gun 
Caught a hot one sprayin you bitches till there was none 
I'm like a rollin stone homey I got you under my thumb 
You silly little bitches can end up right up in ditches 
We cut you and give you stitches for envyin all our riches 
Your game's just like a midget you clockin the small digit 
Dealin with a giant goliath people that's how we live it come on 

Chorus 

(The Godfather) 
I'm gangsta gangsta who come to pay you a visit 
On this shit that you call hip hop disfunction is where its headed 
When I put it in motion my focus is getting breaded 
My appetite for destruction is blasted because I say we got you 
Stumblin for cover this music dyin in number 
But you wouldn't pause and wonder admittin its all glamour when you 
Enter the business you thinking you runnin shit 
You witness that funny shit you bitches that aint shit 
We gangsta we blast first ask questions later all these 
Imitators paradin like they some playas tryin to 
Save hip hop the task is something greater 
Cuz we old fashion coded we loyalty motivators 
Getting caught and not telling or more like killin not carin I'm ridin 
A gangsta feelin no ferin when gangtas dyin I'm in a 
Food circle with homeys that's suppose to bleed 
On a 8 mile mission with Cypress and OG's 

Chorus 




(Intro:) 
Mon bébé, ton père t'adore 
Et je serai toujours là pour toi, quoiqu'il arrive 
Tu es ce qu'il y a de plus précieux pour moi 
Je ne t'abandonnerai pour rien au monde 
Personne ne t'emmènera loin de moi 
Je t'aime 

[Couplet 1] 
Viens Hai-Hai, nous allons à la plage 
Prends quelques jouets avec toi et laisse papa t'installer dans le siège auto 
Oh où est maman ? Elle fait une petite sieste dans le coffre 
Ohla quel est cette odeur (whew), papa a du rouler sur un putois 
Oui, je sais à quoi tu penses – il est un peu tard pour aller se baigner 
Mais tu connais ta mère – elle fait partie de ces femmes capricieuses qui n'en font qu'à leur tête 
Et si ça ne passe comme elle le souhaite, elle en fera une maladie 
Ne joue pas avec le couteau de papa poussin, laisse-le (non !) 
Pourquoi fais-tu cette tête ? Ne sois pas contrarié, 
Tu ne veux pas aider papa à construire un château de sable ? (Si !) 
Et maman m'a dit qu'elle voulait te montrer jusqu'où elle pouvait nager 



Et ne t'inquiète pas pour ce petit bobo qu'elle a à la gorge 
C'est juste une petite coupure, ça ne fait pas mal - pendant que tu étais en train de dormir 
elle mangeait et s'est recouverte de ketchup sur ton t-shirt 
Maman est pas doué, hein ? Mais elle lavera tout ça dans l'eau 
Et comme ça, toi et moi on pourra jouer tous les deux, d'accord ? 

[Refrain] 
Rien que nous deux (just two of us) 
Et lorsque nous prendrons la route... 
Nous serons rien que tous les deux
Seulement toi et moi. 

[Couplet 2] 
Tu vois poussin, il y a un endroit que l'on appelle le paradis et un endroit que l'on appelle l'enfer 
Un endroit que l'on nomme prison et un endroit que l'on nomme cellule 
Et papa ira sûrement dans chacun de ces endroits excepté un 
Car maman a un nouveau mari et un nouveau fils 
Mais tu ne veux pas d'un frère, n'est-ce pas ? (Nahh) 
Peut être... quand tu seras assez grande pour mieux comprendre 
Je t'expliquerai ce qui s'est passé entre ta mère et moi. 
Mais pour le moment, on dira seulement que maman à été très très méchante 
Elle a été très mesquine avec papa et l'a rendu vraiment vraiment en colère 
Mais je me sens encore triste d'avoir dû faire en sorte qu'elle ne puisse plus faire de mal. 
Mets-toi bien dans ta chaise poussin, arrête d'essayer de grimper (Wahh !) 
Je t'ai dis que tout va bien Hai-Hai, tu veux ton baba ? 
Faire un dodo ? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga ? 
Ma chérie a fait koukou caca? Papa va changer ta couche 
Changer mon bébé, pour qu'elle puisse faire une douce sieste 
Papa la réveillera dès que l'on arrivera près de l'eau 
Bonnie and Clyde version 97, ma fille et moi 

[Refrain] 
Rien que nous deux (just two of us) 
Et lorsque nous prendrons la route... 
Nous serons rien que tous les deux
Seulement toi et moi. 

[Couplet 3] 
Réveille toi petite dormeuse, nous sommes arrivés, mais avant que nous jouions 
Nous allons emmener maman pour une petite balade le long de la jetée 
Mon bébé, ne pleure pas ma chérie, ne va pas t'imaginer le pire 
Maman est trop endormie pour pouvoir t'entendre même si tu chuchotes près de son oreille (maman !) 
C'est pour cela que tu n'arrives pas à la réveiller, mais ne t'inquiète pas 
Papa a préparé un joli lit pour maman au fond du lac 
Nous y sommes, tu veux aider papa à accrocher cette corde autour de ce rocher ? (oui !) 
Nous allons l'attacher à son mollet, et nous allons l'enrouler sur le quai 
Tu es prête, on y va, à trois… 
Un…deux…trois…WHEEEEEE!….. **Splash** 
Ca y est, voilà maman, plongeant dans l'eau 
Fini les disputes avec papa, plus d'ordre de restriction (1) 
Plus de beau papa, plus de demi-frère 
Envoie-lui un bisou pour lui dire au revoir, dis à maman que tu l'aimes (Mommy) 
Maintenant, nous allons pouvoir jouer dans le sable, et construire un château 
Mais avant, aide juste papa à enlever quelques affaires du coffre

[Refrain] 
Rien que nous deux (just two of us) 
Et lorsque nous prendrons la route... 
Nous serons rien que tous les deux
Seulement toi et moi. 

[Final] 
Seulement toi et moi 
C'est tout ce dont nous avons besoin dans ce monde 
Seulement toi et moi 
Ton papa sera toujours là pour toi 
Ton papa t'aimera toujours 
Ne l'oublie pas 
Si jamais tu as besoin de moi, je serai toujours là pour toi 
Si jamais tu as besoin de quelque chose, demande-le moi 
Et papa sera là 
Ton papa t'aime 
Je t'aime ma chérie

[Eminem] 
It's shit like this I kick to these rich white kids 
Who just might see how fucked up this sick life is 
Ooops I did it again didn't I my shit's harder 
To figure out than what Britney's tit size is 
Oooh I probably pissed you off again didn't I bitch 
So what Christina Gaguilera kiss my grits 
You know how many shit's I get if I wish I did 
So I can quit givin these twisted little kids ideas 
This just in, Britney just dissed Justin 
She just fucked Ben, got tit fucked and dick sucked him 
If Afflec can get his ass licked, how I can't shit 
Goddamn bitch I'm rich I can't understand this 
Are those pictures they made of us together on the internet 
As close as I'm ever gonna get to hittin it from the back 
And shit when it comes to that I hit harder from the back 
Than Everlast when he's pluggin Lethal in his fuckin ass 
Just give me one more chance Britney hit me one more time 
Let me know what's on your mind, Whitney give me one more line 
To sniff, you fuckers know what time it is 



Fuck your jewelery my record's almost diamond, BEEOTCH! 

[HOOK 2X: Eminem + Dr Dre] 
What's goin on in the world today 
People fightin, feudin, lootin, it's okay 
Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll 
Tell 'em Dre- It aint nuttin but music 

[Bizarre] 
Eminem doesn't like N'Sync, well I do 
So fuck him, and the Backstreet Boys too 
Whatever happened to the cast of Different Strokes 
Mary's broke, Ty's snortin coke, and then an overdose 
I got two little boys wit me 
Michael Jackson sent two helicopters to get me 
I'm up early wit my hair curly 
Me and Mr. Furly, fuckin Laverne and Shirley! 
[Kuniva] 
Alotta rappers are livin in la la land 
That's why I let my dogs out on the Baha men 
As bad as a life I had, I'm not mad 
I don't need to be a jackass to beat up my dad 
My whole family's country, my grandmother's old fashioned 
And she keeps askin me why I rap wit a honky 
But grannie I'm a flunky I could be a junky 
I could be hangin with the hoochies out at the club scene 

[Kon Artis] 
To all the independent women in the house! (HEY!) 
Show us your tits and shut your motherfuckin mouth! (WHAT?!) 

[Proof] 
Robert Downey, Bobby Brownie, Whitney Houston 
The shit's confusin (SNIFF!) 
Jesse Jackson, reverend scandal 
Got George Michael's, Tevin Campbells 
PeeWee Herman's, peep show places 
Public restrooms, peep those cases

[HOOK] 

[Swifty McVay] 
Huh, your mom and dad probably mad at us (for what) 
We done turned their kids into little body snatchers 
Aint like where I'm from, we don't bite our tongue 
Are you sure you want niggas 21 to carry guns 
It's sad but I'm glad that I'm made to rhyme 
Where you work you aint gettin paid for that overtime 
It's only music, media know it but they blind 
I aint in your light, so stay they hell up outta mine 
Y'all the reason why Princess Diana ended up dyin 
If you people get offended I don't care (stop cryin) 
Tryin to get us to leave cuz what we say just aint clean (uh, uh) 
But holdin back on what I say just aint me 

[Kon Artis] 
Now what's these parents all mad for? (Your music is bad for 'um) 
For teenage kids that drink more than Ted Danson in Cheers 
Carson drink beers, we all fart and piss and cuss out our bitch (SHUTUP!) 
Broke or rich, I still do that same old shit 
I don't jump in front of a camera and change no shit 
So when they ask me about my sarcasticness 
I just slap 'em, turn around and ask 'em this 

[HOOK] 


Hoooo Hoooo Hooo (Fade Out)

Can't stop now, this may be the only chance that I get. 

(Refrain:) 
You dream of trading places, 
I have been changing faces 
You can not fill these shoes, 
There is too much too lose. 
Wake up behind these trenches, 
You run around defenseless. 
There is too much too lose, 
You can not fill these shoes 
I just want to be Famous, 
But, be careful what you wish for 

I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist 
They call me Slim Roethlisberger 
I go bezerker than a fed-up post-office worker 
A merk her with a Mossberg 
I'm pissed off get murdered 
Like someone took a ketchup squirter 



Squirted a frankfurter 
For a gangster you shoulda shit your pants 
When you saw the chainsaw get to waving 
Like a terrible towel 
I faced her around 
But his fangs come out 
Get your brains blown out 
That's what I call blowing your mind 
When I come back 
Like nut on your spine 
I'm a thumb tack 
That you slept on son 
Now here I come screaming attack like I just stepped on one 
Low on the totem till he showed 'em 
Defiance, giant scrotum 
He don't owe them bitches shit 
His britches, he out grow'd em 
He's so out cold he's knocked out of the South Pole 
And nobody fucks with him 
Rigamortis and post-mortem 
He's dying of boredom 
Take your best rhymes, record 'em 
To try to thwart him 
He'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em 
Shit stained drawers 
You gon fuck with a guy who licks the blades of his chainsaws 
While he dips 'em in P.F. Chang's sauce 
Game's up, homie, hang it up like some crank calls 
You think I'm backing down you must be out of your dang skulls 
I'm almost famous 

(refrain) 

I'm back for revenge 
I lost a battle that ain't happening again 
I'm at your throat like strep 
I step, strapped with a pen 
Metaphors wrote on my hand, 
Some are just stored in my memory 
some i wrote on a napkin 
I do what I have to to win 
Pull at it all stops, any who touch a mic prior's 
Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Meyers 
And tell that psycho to pass the torch 
To the whack before I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern 
And smash it on his porch 
Now get off my dick 
Dick's too short a word for my dick
Get off my antidisestablishmentarianism, you prick 
Don't call me the champ; call me the space shuttle destroyer 
I just blew up the challenger, matter fact I need a lawyer 
I just laced my gloves wit' enough plaster 
To make a cast beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Vern Troyer 
You're the Eminem backwards, you're meni-me 
See he's in a whole nother weight class 
He slugs, your BB's your bean bag bullets 
You're full of it; you were dissin' his CD's 
LAUGHED at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his wheaties 
No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast 
His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E HE'S ALMOST FAMOUS 

(refrain) 

Now there he goes in Dre's studio cuppin his balls 
Screaming the wood off the panelling 
And cussing the paint off the walls
Spewing his hate to these haters, showing no love for these brauds 
He ain't given them shit, he says he'll pinch a penny so hard 
He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark 
With the scars, till Abraham Lincoln is screaming out AHH 
These metaphors and similes ain't similar to them, not at all 
If they don't like it, they can all get fucked instead of sucking him off 
They can go get a belt or a neck tie, to hang themselves by 
Like David Carradine they can go fuck themselves and just die 
And eat shit while they at it 
He's fucking had it, he's mad at the whole world 
So go to hell and build a snowman girl 
The bullies become bullied, the pussies get pushed 
Then they better pull me, take me back to 9th grade to school me 
Cus I ain't looking back, only forward, this whole spot blowing 
Who coulda known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it 
And while I'm being poetic let me get a start and raise the bar 
Higher than my opinion of these women's been lowered 
So bare witness to some biblical shit 
As a cold wind blowing this world ain't gonna know what hit it 
He did it, he made it, he's finally famous



American Psycho Lyrics 

[Eminem] 
I'm the devil - if ever there was such a thing 
The results of much too many drugs what you're seeing 
I'm a mindfuck, completely dis-(gus)-ting 
I'm (white), a human mutt, fuck a being 
I'm a dog - fuck lambs, I'm silencin 'em all 
I'm involved in murders forensic science couldn't solve 
Giant set of balls too big to buy a set of drawers 
Might as well unzip my fly and let 'em fall to the floor 
Each thought's completely warped
I'm like a walkin, talkin, ouija board 
Speakin in tongues, I've never spoke this speech before 
.. Hhem-delle-la, ennich-me-noughh-mi-niche-mick-norr .. 
Have you ever experienced spirits in lyrics when you hear 'em 
'til you scared to stare in into any mirrors when you near 'em? 
Well if so, get ready for some shit yo 



"Is this some kind of sick joke?" Shit no, motherfuckin schitzo 
So disturbed, he just goes so berzerk he tiptoes 
This verse was his urge to slit throats of just hoes 
Just goes to shizzow you dizzon't, fizzuck with 
so-someone this disturbed, sa-sippin on si-zzurp 
So - lock your doors, drop to the floors 
Get your shotguns drawn - here comes another "Clockwork Orange" 
Look at Bizarre; you really think he's right in his mind? 
What the fuck you think's goin through it when he's writin his rhyme? 

[Chorus: Eminem] 
You bout to - journey into the mind of a psychopath killer 
Blood spiller, mentality much iller 
than you could ever imagine in your wildest dreams 
You'll feel his pain and his silent screams 
You bout to - journey into the mind of a psychopath killer 
Blood spiller, mentality much iller 
than you could ever imagine in your wildest dreams 
You'll feel his pain and his violent screams 

[Bizarre] 
It's Friday night, I'm at a rave again 
Pickin up transvestites on my Harley-Davidson (hey hop on) 
My girlfriend's a crackhead whore 
She'll come to your door, suck your dick on the floor 
and take your bottles to the store (nigga I'm takin these) 
Have you ever seen a bitch get beat because she won't cheat 
Run the street and suck another nigga's meat? 
My son's sixteen years old with nowhere to stay (dad it's me) 
I told him he wasn't mine, slammed the door in his face 
And I ain't got no food, my job I've been cheated 
My girlfriend had a miscarriage (I'm sorry) I had to eat it (ohh) 
My dick is burnin, it ain't cause of disease 
Because I'm jackin off with gasoline mixed with antifreeze (AHH!) 
I'm livin in Waco Texas, me and my girl 
Fuck David Koresh, I'm startin my own world 
It's called Bizarre Cemetary, it's scary 
Eatin a virgin's cherry, they're all gonna laugh at you Carey 

[Chorus] 

[Kon Artis with Eminem in parentheses] 
I was born feet first, smoke 40's and drink weed 
The Lord rehearsed my birth, I'm the worst breed 
A nigga you ever set sight on, my right arm's 
got more power than (?) Dragon's python so 
"Journey into the mind of a psychopath killer" 
(Light yo' ass like a liquid nitro-gas spiller 
Psycho slash Michael Myers, Michael Jack's "Thriller" 
Rifle slash knife faggot that's your "Cop Killer") 
As a yung'un, I was beat where I was livin (aight) 
Crossdressed just to get thrown in the women's prison 
I guess I was just stressed to be a hoodlum 
Being pressed caused the stress that caused the Ritalin 
Pressed stressed and Ritalin caused the cop's feelings 
to be hurt after they seen what I did to those children 
I'm vulgaric, you Bo Derek; I throw you face flat off the terrace 
so you can have somethin to stare at 

[Chorus] 




"American Psycho 2" 

[Chorus - B-Real] 
I'm a little bit off the chain, you can call me insane, but the fact remains 
That I'm a psycho 
Better get it through your brain, when you say my name, never say it in vain 
Cause I'm a psycho 

[Verse 1 - Swift] 
I'm a motherfuckin omen, I bow down to no man, I'll split a ***** open, 
Killing folks compulsive, a soldier wit a motive, scrotum big as boulders, 
I'll hold it then unload on you, put on poster, so everyone can notice who 
Was focused on his pokin, they nose in our business, hopin that I don't come 
Smoke 'em, No one knows my notions or emotions,I'm a vulture, 
Close to croakin any moment, and I know when, I could fuck the culture up, 
Probably rap, a maniac, wit anxiety attacks, I don't wanna chat, speak when 
You spoken to, and I don't have to read a fuckin magazine or quoteable, to notice 
What you hoes'll do 

[Verse 2 - Kuniva] 



We all soldiers, we move as a unit, we all roll up, show up at your residence 
And light your front door up, get scared, life ain't fair, and I'm prepared to blast you 
Just as fast as dre can say hell yeah, so watch what you say, cause it can happen 
Either today or the next minute, i can draw the heater and spray and I'm dead 
Serious, you could be dead period, end of story, I'm on your porch wit a gun and 
Your son sippin a forty, No one can hold me, I does it all by my lonely, 
Stomp your head while you awake, you'll be looking like gumby, Aftermath and Shady bitch 
You can read it and weep, you see my poster in the hood for the G of the week 

[Chorus] 

[Verse 3 - Bizzare] 
They found Saddam, but they ain't gonna find me, I'll be under a tree, 
In Buttfuck Tennessee, and I don't know too much about my daddy, 
Except he spit in my face and fucked me in my fanny, I ain't a racist 
I just hate whites, fags and dykes, blacks and transvestites, 13 years old 
And joined a fucking gang, hair under my ass cheeks feeling the fucking pain 
Am I insane?, who really knows, cause any second my temper can fucking 
Blow, I get colder than december, black the fuck out, tomorrow won't even remember 
See Bizzare can show what violence is all about, and this Dr. Dre beat done brought it 
The fuck out, run in your house and put it in your mouth, and blow your brains the fuck out 

[Verse 4 - Eminem] 
I probably got a screw loose or two or maybe three or four of 'em, some fell out and hit the floor, 
All I know is ever since my fuckin head hit the snowbank, been a little niandrotholic, no thanks to 
My man D' Angelo Baily,but I just take it slow daily, my biggest delierence, tryin to figure whether 
To use the flat head or the phillips, or just go to the Home Depot, and pick the new power drill up, 
Gives me two hours and 6 days and I'm still up, I feel like I'm about to snap and minute, there's a new 
Tower Records, I'm bout to stop and get a fill-up, pick the new Cypress Hill up, and go find who did 
That shit to Xzibit, and go fill up a whole liquor bottle wit piss and go shatter his fuckin lips wit it 

[Chorus] 




(kill kill kill)
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, duh-da-da-da-da
(kill kill kill)
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dumm..
(kill kill kill)

Mentally illll from Amityvilllle (ILLLL)
Accidentally killll your family stillll
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he willll (HE'SSSS)
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle 

I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted
Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick
Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit
Shrink pencil me in for my last visit
Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers 
Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches 
Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years



Mash with me you'll get in imagine this

Mentally illll from Amityvilllle (ILLLL)
Accidentally killll your family stillll
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he willll (HE'SSSS)
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle (ILLLL)
Accidentally killll your family stillll
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he willll (HE'SSSS)
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle

I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat
{*AHHHHHHHH!*} Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope?
My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me
For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity
{*Mmm mm mmm!*} And bitches know me as a horny-ass freak
Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was 'sleep
Pissy-drunk, throwin up in the urinal (YOU FUCKIN HOMO!)
That's what I said at my dad's funeral

Mentally illll from Amityvilllle (ILLLL)
Accidentally killll your family stillll
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he willll (HE'SSSS)
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle (ILLLL)
Accidentally killll your family stillll
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he willll (HE'SSSS)
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle

That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fuckin idiots still (still)
That's why the first motherfucker poppin some shit he gets killed (killed)
That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville)
You can get capped after just havin a cavity filled (filled)
Ahahahaha, that's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still)
This ain't Detroit, this is motherfuckin Hamburger Hill! (Hill!)
We don't do drivebys, we park in front of houses and shoot
and when the police come we fuckin shoot it out with them too!
That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here)
Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here?? (huh?)
While I'm holdin a pistol with this many calibres here?? (here??)
Plus some registration that just made this shit valid this year? (year?)
Cause once I snap I can't be held accountable for my actions
That's when accidents happen,
when a thousand bullets come at your house
and collapse the foundation around you and they found you
and your family in it (AHHHHH!) 
GOT DAMNIT HE MEANT IT WHEN HE TELLS YOU

Mentally illll from Amityvilllle (ILLLL)
Accidentally killll your family stillll
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he willll (HE'SSSS)
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle (ILLLL)
Accidentally killll your family stillll
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he willll (HE'SSSS)
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle

Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum..



[Eminem] 
Hi! 
Original Bad Boy on the case, cover your face 
Came in the place blowed, and sprayed Puffy with Mase 
I laced the weed with insect repellant, better check the smelly 
Eminem starts with E, better check the spelling 
with a capital, somebody grab me a Snapple 
I got an aspirin capsule trapped in my adam's apple 
Somebody dropped me on my head, and I was sure 
that my mother did it, but the bitch won't admit it was her 
I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months 
and said, "I'm ready now bitch - ain't you feelin these kicks cunt?" 
The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell 
I'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in hell 
I'm sick of these sperm cells with syphillis germs 
and I'm hotter than my dick is, when I piss and it burns 
I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach 
and vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it 



(Yuck!) Hit you in the head with a brick til you plummet 
If y'all don't like me, you can suck my dick til you numb it 
And all that gibberish you was spittin, you need to kill it 
Cause your style is like dyin in my sleep, I don't feel it 

Chorus: Eminem 

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin crazy -- hello, hi! 
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
is fuckin crazy -- do you hear me? 
Is fuckin crazy 

[Eminem] 
I'm ice grillin you, starin you down with a gremlin grin 
I'm Eminem, you're a fag in a women's gym 
I'm Slim, the Shady is really a fake alias 
to save me with in case I get chased by space aliens 
A brainiac, with a cranium packed, full of more uranium 
than a maniac Saudi Arabian 
A highly combustible head, spazmatic 
strapped to a Kraftmatic adjustable bed 
Laid up in the hospital in critical condition 
I flatlined; jumped up and ran from the mortician 
High speed, IV full of thai weed 
Lookin Chinese, with my knees stuck together like siamese 
twins, joined at the groin like lesbians 
Uhh, pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pins 
I hope God forgives me for my sins -- it probably all depends 
on if I keep on killin my girlfriends

Chorus: Eminem 

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin crazy -- listen!! 
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? 
Is fuckin crazy 

[Eminem] 
Last night I O.D.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust 
and got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed 
(Shucks!) I'm an alcoholic and that's all I can say 
I call in to work, cause all I do is frolic and play 
I swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day 
of Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be (RRARRRRH) 
Give me eleven Excederin my head'll spin 
Medicine'll get me revvin like a 747 jet engine 
Scratched my balls til I shredded skin 
"Doctor, check this rash, look how red it's been" 
"It's probably AIDS!" Forget it then 
I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows 
that don't even make sense, like dykes usin dildos 
So reach in your billfolds, for ten ducats 
and pick up this Slim Shady shit that's on Rawkus 
Somethin somethin somethin, somethin I get weeded 
My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it 
Damn! 






The Armageddon Freestyle EMINEM 

fucker 

yeah 
Oh shit, it's the evil genius 
Green lantern 
yeah 
A yo Em 
Ha ha 
what we call this shit right here 
The invasion 
You have part one u got part two now its 
Part three 
The final chapter mother fuckers 
Armageddon, lets go 

I got a riddle what's little and talks big 



with midget arms and creamy white fillin in the middle 
that will do anything to throw dirt on my name 
if it means walkin the whole Mediterranean 
isn't it Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian no 
its Dave Raymon and oh, ho so sorry yo so sorry wo 
but that was a long time ago when I was just joe shmoe 
rappin in joe blows basement I apologized for it befo, so 
either except it or you don't and lets move on 
if I've shown that I've grown and get the bone 
keep lickin these nuts you industry mutts 
keep walkin around sniffin each others butts 
or should I say asses 
what would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses 

hold up hold up hold up 
new york city man 
it's the kid Lloyd Banks 
and it u hearin what I'm hearin right now 
you know this aint no regular shit homy 
this something special and we gotta bring this back 
Green common 

countdown to armageddon 
lets go 

I got a riddle what's little and talks big 
with midget arms and creamy white fillin in the middle 
that will do anything to throw dirt on my name 
if it means walkin the whole Mediterranean 
isn't it Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian no 
its Dave Raymon and oh, ho so sorry yo so sorry wo 
but that was a long time ago when I was just joe shmoe 
rappin in joe blows basement I apologized for it befo so 
either except it or you don't and lets move on 
if I've shown that I've grown and get the bone 
keep lickin these nuts you industry mutts 
keep walkin around sniffin each others butts 
or should I say asses 
what would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses 
the question I ask is 
how can I explain this 
how can I swing this in English language 
if I switch to slang and turn man to man 
do I do it in vein or simply to entertain 
am I bein real or am I bein fake 
am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine 
or am I caught up in this hot water wody on my daughter 
I told ya I love this culture don't let em' insult ya 
I'm tell ya one me (a)gain this is the environment that I was brought up in 
but every now and then I use my pen to get rid of some frustratshin 
or should I say or should I say shon 
is it just another one of my subliminal was of racism 
your face is numb your stunned your look is cold 
like that of a man of seventy some years old 
and it only gets colder which Is why I understand 
and cant be mad at a forty four year old fan 
with a chip on his shoulder who only owns a half of a magazine 
and the only way to have it seen is to put me on the front of it again 
only thing that makes him grin is to see me frown 
papa cant stand me papa needs to take his medication and sit the fuck down 
in his new chair that goes round and round 
that he bought from new money in his bank account 
that I get him every issue when the thang comes out 
sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out 
and let his black side arm wrestle his white side 
yell a partied loud enough that he might slide 
he might find someone dumb enough who might ride 
but aint nobody over here buyin two white guys disguised as propalac 
there is no slack 
far heart for college grat. In a fitted hat and a hunch back 
standin by the clearance coat rack 
in some old slacks and tomorrows old throw backs 
yeah 
shady in the place to be c 
and it takes what I got to rock the mic right 
still not gonna cater these punks 
fuckin cocksuckin pussy lips haters dicks cunts 




(I don't know why this)
Yes man, as the world turns
(World keeps turning round and round)
We all experience things in life
(But I wish it would stop and let me off right now)
Trials and tribulations
(I don't know why this)
That we all must go through
(World keeps turning round and round)
When someone wants to test us
When someone tries our patience
(But I wish it would stop and let me off right now)
I hang with a bunch of hippies
And wacky tobacco planters
Who swallow lit roaches
And light up like Jack-o-lanterns
Outsiders baby, and we suing the courts
'Cuz we're dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source, yo
They never should've booted me out of reform school
Deformed fool, takin' the shit, now warn bulls



They threw me out the Ramada Inn
I said it wasn't me, I got a twin
Oh my god it's you! Not again
It all started when my mother took my bike away
'Cuz I murdered my guinea pig
And stuck him in the microwave
After that, it was straight to the 40 ouncers
Slappin' teachers, and jackin' off in front of my counselors
Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman
Fuck the next lesson, I'll past the test guessin'
And all the other kids said Eminem's a dishead
He'll never last, the only class he'll pass is Phys Ed
May be true, till I told this bitch in gym class
That she was too fat to swim laps, she needed slim fast
(Who me?)
Yeah bitch you so big you walked into big tanny's
And stepped on Jenny Craig
She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
Put me in the headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig
I felt the evilness and started transformin'
It began storming, I heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming
Grabbed that bitch by her hair, drug her across the ground
And took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down
Sorry coach, it's too late to tell me stop
While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly flop
(I don't know why this)
As the world turns
(World keeps turning round and round)
These are the days of our lives
These are the things
That we must go through
(But I wish it would stop and let me off right now)
Day by day
We drive around in million dollar sports cars
While little kids hide this tape
From their parents like bad report cards
Outsiders, and we suing the courts
'Cuz we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source
Hypercondriac, hanging out at the laundromat
Where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at
Dressed like a sailor, standin' by a pale of garbage
It's almost dark and I'm still tryin' to nail a trailer park bitch
I met a slut and said "What up, its nice to meet ya
I'd like to treat ya to a Bagel and a slice of pizza
But I'm broke as fuck
And I don't get paid till the first of next month
But if you care to join me, I was bout to roll this next blunt
But I ain't got no weed, no Phillies, or no papers
Plus I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist
So gimme all your money and don't try nothin' funny
'Cuz you know your stinkin' ass is too fat to try to outrun me"
I went to grab my gun, thats when her ass put it on me
Wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry
I fell through the glass doors, started causin' a scene
Then slid across the floor and flew right into a washin' machine
Jumped up with a broken back
Thank god I was smokin' crack all day
And doped up off coke and smack
All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse
Now I wanna kill her but so I gotta catch her first
Ran threw alleys, parkin' lots, and took a shortcut
Saw the house she ran up in and shot her fuckin' porch up
Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut
Looked around the room thats when I seen the bedroom door shut
I know you're in there bitch! I got my gun cocked
You might as well come out now
She said "Come in, its unlocked!"
I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne
And seen her spread across the bed naked watchin' gay porn
She said "Come her big boy, lets get acquainted"
I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it
She came at me at full speed, nothin' could stop her
I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her
I started to beg, "No, please let go"
But she swallowed my fuckin' leg whole like an egg roll
With one leg left, now I'm hoppin' around crippled
I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple
Just trying to buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick
Den den den den den den, go go gadget dick
Whipped that shit out, and ain't no doubt about it
It hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage
I shouted "Now bitch, lets see who gets the best!"
Stuffed that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death
{Come here bitch
Come here
Take this motherfuckin' dick
Bitch, come here}
(I don't know why this)
And as we go along
Throughout the days of our lives
(World keeps turning round and round)
(But I wish it would stop and let me off right now)
We all face small obstacles
(I don't know why this)
And challenges everyday
That we must go through
(World keeps turning round and round)
These are the things that surround us
Through our atmosphere
(But I wish it would stop and let me off right now)
Every day
(I don't know why this)
Every single day the world keeps turning
Keeps turning
Keeps turning
(World keeps turning round and round)
(But I wish it would stop and let me off right now)



[Eminem] 
A lot of people ask me.. stupid fuckin questions 
A lot of people think that.. what I say on record 
or what I talk about on a record, that I actually do in real life 
or that I believe in it 
Or if I say that, I wanna kill somebody, that.. 
I'm actually gonna do it 
or that I believe in it 
Well, shit... if you believe that 
then I'll kill you 
You know why? 
Cuz I'm a 

CRIMINAL 
CRIMINAL 
You god damn right 
I'm a CRIMINAL 
Yeah, I'm a CRIMINAL 




[Eminem] 
My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge 
That'll stab you in the head 
whether you're a fag or lez 
Or the homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest 
Pants or dress - hate fags? The answer's "yes" 
Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic 
Starin' at my jeans, watchin my genitals bulgin (Ooh!) 
That's my motherfuckin balls, you'd better let go of 'em 
They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of 'em 
Hey, it's me, Versace 
Whoops, somebody shot me! 
And I was just checkin the mail 
Get it? Checkin the 'male'? 
How many records you expectin' to sell 
after your second LP sends you directly to jail? 
C'mon!-- Relax guy, I like gay men 
Right, Ken? Give me an amen (AAA-men!) 
Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus 
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons 
Oh, and please send me a brand new car 
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital 
Preacher, preacher, fifth grade teacher 
You can't reach me, my mom can't neither 
You can't teach me a goddamn thing 'cause 
I watch TV, and Comcast cable 
and you ain't able to stop these thoughts 
You can't stop me from toppin' these charts 
And you can't stop me from droppin' each March 
with a brand new cd for these fuckin' retards (uh-duhh) 
And to think, it's just little ol' me 
Mr. Don't-Give-A-Fuck still won't leave 

Chorus: Eminem (repeat 2X) 

I'm a CRIMINAL 
Cuz every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime 
to tell em what's on my mind - I guess I'm a CRIMINAL 
but I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird 
and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 

[Eminem] 
My mother did drugs - tar, liquor, cigarettes, and speed 
The baby came out - disfigured, ligaments indeed 
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she 
Don't dare make fun of that baby cause that baby was me 
I'm a CRIMINAL - an animal caged who turned crazed 
But how the fuck you s'posed to grow up when you weren't raised? 
So as I got older and I got a lot taller 
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger 
I drink malt liquor to fuck you up quicker 
than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin the word ... 
My morals went thhbbpp when the president got oral 
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk 
Off of his own employee 
Now don't ignore me, you won't avoid me 
You can't miss me, I'm white, blonde-haired 
and my nose is pointy 
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die 
in plane crashes and laughs 
As long as it ain't happenin' to him
Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Em 
-inem and Kim combined - *kch* the maniac's in 
Replacin' the doctor cause Dre couldn't make it today 
He's a little under the weather, so I'm takin his place 
(Mm-mm-mmm!) Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face 
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place 
I told you Dre, you should've kept that thang put away 
I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh? 
I'm a CRIMINAL 

[Interlude Skit] 
A'ight look (uh huh) just go up in that motherfucker 
get the motherfuckin' money and get the fuck up outta there 
[Em] Aight 
I'll be right here waitin on you 
[Em] Aight 
Yo Em 
[Em] What?! 
Don't kill nobody this time 
[Em] Awwright... 
(whispering) ...god damn, this motherfucker gets on my fuckin' nerves... 
(whistling) How you doin'? 
[Teller] Hi, how can I help you? 
[Eminem] Yeah, I need to make a withdrawl, 
[Teller] Okay, 
[Eminem] Put the fuckin' money in the bag bitch 
and I won't kill you! 
[Teller] What? Oh my god, don't kill me 
[Eminem] I'm not gonna kill you bitch, quit lookin' around... 
[Teller] Don't kill me, please don't kill me... 
[Eminem] I said I'm not gonna fuckin' kill you... 
Hurry the fuck up! {gunshot} Thank you! 

[Eminem] 
Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it 
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it 
So I'll be disguised in it 
And if anybody identifies the guy in it 
I'll hide for five minutes 
Come back, shoot the eyewitness 
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business 
Die, bitches, bastards, brats, pests 
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet 
If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts 
tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck 
You motherfuckin' chickens ain't brave enough 
to say the stuff I say, so this tape is shut 
Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up 
To make you mad so kiss my white naked ass 
And if it's not a rapper that I make it as 
I'ma be a fuckin rapist in a Jason mask 

(Chorus 2X) 




Shady 
Old mix 
Back nigga 
Second rounds on me 
Kuniva 
Cashis 
Stat quo 
Bobby Creekwater 
Obie Trice 
What 



Niggas didn't kill me 
Now a niggas gon' get 
Peel my cap back 
I'm never at home 
I'm somewhere 
With my shaft restin' on a ho's tongue 
Sippin on some Dom perignon 



While she's sippin up them newborns 
Yeah bet you hate the news holmes 
You probably somewhere 
Sittin' on the stoop huh 
Sippin' on the brew 
Plottin' to pop me later huh 
When will a hater learn 
I'm too great on a song 
I push weight on the corner 
Send weight to the coroner 
When courage make em turn performer 
I transform into Uma Thurman 
A dude's virgin 
Verses lettin' superfulious 
With no purpose nigga 
Continue to walk this earth's surface 
I was birthed for hip-hop 
Branch out my services 
Ya try to murder this nigga 
That's comin' from the same turf as yas 
What nerves have yas 
Pissed because your hussles ain't worth a shit 
I'm gettin' rich 
I'm on my way to Hugh Hefner's 
Dig? 
With a bitch 
You in the trenches tryin' to reach it big 
On another rapper's dick 
Go on represent where you live 
Know you annoyed 
But don't make the mistake 
I'm state to state in that Honda nigga 
Not an accord 
I'm in that Honda G4 you will never afford 
And yup it's probably ease when a nigga is on board 

(cry now) 
Cry now 
(cry now) 
Cry now 
(cry now) 
Cry now 
Nigga cry now 

I'll be damned if I let a nigga lay his hands on me 
I'll lay his ass out 
And park a grand am on him 
The city where the weak survive 
And the strong die 
Where beef collides 
Shootouts happen and hit the wrong guy 
I done seen the worst of the worst 
And what can be worse 
Than a verse about bullets 
Dispersed up in your shirt 
The streets is like a curse 
Niggas frontin' for a bitch 
It's like you beggin' to die 
Like bear huntin' with a switch 
A part of my heart is gone 
I could never smile the same 
Trigger finger is itchy 
It'll take awhile to tame 
Detroit is hella dirty 
But the dozen can fix it 
Resist and the biscut will exceed the distance 
And bounce off one's home 
Hit and riquoche off a kid's trombone 
Right to where you niggas lay 
Obie can tell you that death is just a few inches away 
Yall shed tears 
But yall can get your feel of it today 

(cry now) 
Cry now 
(cry now) 
Cry now 
(cry now) 
Cry now 
Nigga cry now 
Obie they gotta fuck with us this time nigga 
Bobby Creek 
Nigga 

Laugh now 
Cry never 
My berreta is a body part 
Hit him with just enough shots 
To make his body hard 
Now I feel like we even 
See Creek is here to shine a light on you niggas 
Diseasin' 
Soon as I get my karma right on Lindsy Rose 
I'm leavin' 
Load up a clip 
And make it dark on them heroes cheesin' 
Shit they got snitches on the clock
Gotta watch what I'm sayin' 
Me buy a bitch a couple rocks 
And awatch quit playin' 
Back on my greasy 
My neezy 
Nobody bread whippin 
And for them fuckin' spectators 
I brought the band with me 
Halftime niggas 
And grab pine 
You will never grab mine nigga 
The dolli's was lyin' 
When he said you was gon' be fine nigga 

CASHIS! 

Witness art of war 
In the phyical 
Since raw coke was rushed through my umbilical 
And no words from cash mouth is fixin' 
Ready with dope clips 
I'm ever dissin' 
My aura of war is raw to the core 
The surface of the street 
When I walk through the door 
My purpose is to move up 
Pull tools 
You perpin' 
Watch me overthrow the government 
In my turban 
Plot up and line up 
Solo mia 
Prayin' to proof 
I'm searchin for Jerry Garcia 
Talk to my brother 
Gone in the streets of the D 
I'm talkin' to K 
And hopin' niggas waitin on me 
Take the first shot then 
The second rounds on me 
And when the wars on the other side 
Me and my brother ride 
I don't rap for the plaques 
My contracts signed just for scraps
To get you wack nigga 
With a gun with a ? with a bat 
Take a slug through the lung 
Get you right what you rappin' nigga 
I'm born crazy raised in more fame
It's the clappin' down bangers 
It's for entertainment 

(cry now) 
Cry now 
(cry now) 
Cry now 
(cry now) 
Cry now 
Nigga cry now 

Young stack he the gat 
On tuck 
Want war 
I don't give a fuck 
Shot till you kiss 
And pucker up 
It'll lift em up 
Believe me you'll flow 
Duracell is your family heart broke
Lookin' like an artichoke 
Vegetable 
Hoe's stiff 
Nigga paralyzed from the neck down 
My goon stick niggas 
Turn soldiers to stick figures 
Hand on triggers 
Real life born killers 
We roll out like four wheelers 
God sent us 
From backstabbers and gold diggers 
Tipsy off brown liquor 
Watch me 
Obnoxious 
Broad call me cocky 
Poppi long dick 
Stabbed it out the box like hockey 
Especially when a bitch ride it like jockey 
From the benz to the range to the black joloppy 
I'm the shit 
The only one who ain't heard is Foxy 
Formalize a plan 
No man can stop me 
boss hog 
Stat quo 
Understand 
Ya copy? 

(cry now) 
Cry now 
(cry now) 
Cry now 
(cry now) 
Cry now 
Nigga cry now 

[Eminem] 




Yo mic check
Testing one, two um twelve
This is my dancing room can you hear me?
My favorite color is red
Like the blood shed
From Kurt Cobain's head
When he shot himself dead
Women all grabbin' at my shishkabob
Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve
You thought I was livid now I'm even more so
Shit I got full blown AID's and a sore throat
I got a wardrobe with an orange robe
I'm in the fourth row signin' autographs until my show
I just remembered that I'm absent minded
Wait, I mean I've lost my mind I can't find it
I'm freestylin' every verse that I spit
'Coz I don't even remember the words to my shit
I told the doc I need a change in sickness
I gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphalis
Put my L.P on your Christmas gift list



You wanna get high, here bitch just sniff this
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
I tried suicide once and I'll try it again
That's why I write songs where I die at the end
'Coz I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck
And I was waving it at everybody screamin' "I suck"
I go on stage in front of a sellout crowd
And yell out loud "All of y'all get the hell out now"
Fuck rap, I'm givin' it up y'all, I'm sorry
But Eminem this is your record release party
I'm bored out of my gord
So I took a hammer and nailed my foot
To the floorboard of my Ford
I guess I'm just a sick, sick bastard
Just one sandwich short of a picnic basket
One Excederin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet
I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage
And if you ever see a video for this shit
I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit
'Coz they think that I'm a motherfuckin' Beastie Boy
So I told 'em I was Mike D, it was like
G I don't know he might be
I told 'em, "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert
And I'll be standin' by the Loch Ness monster"
I'm peace out then I jetted to the weed house
Smoked out till I started bustin' freestyles
Broke out then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick
Crushed up the Tylenol then ate it with a dipstick
Made a couple of crank calls collect
"Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?"
I wanna make songs all the fellas dub
And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of
So just remember when I bomb your set
Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
Come on everybody, get down tonight
...



Ken Kanif: 

*Ken walks to the mic* 

uhhh nmm *taps mic* 
this thing on..? 
where'd everybody go 
uhh 
guess whos back? 
back again 
ken is back 
tell some men 
rub my back 
rub my back 
rub my back 
rub my back 
oooh 
wait 



hello 
uhh 
goodbye 





Applause 
[applause stops] 

foot steps 

microphone screeches 




taps on microphone 

clears throat 

AMERICA 





Still on? 
Yo, is the mic on? 
Check, check, check 
Alright, let's do it 



Let's go, come on 







Curtains Up (Encore Version) 
----------------------------- 

Still on? 
Yo, is the mic on? 
Check, check, check 
Alright, let's do it 
Let's go, come on 
(Eminem, Eminem, Eminem) 

Evil Deeds 
----------------------------- 

Lord please forgive me for what I do 
For I know not what I've done 

[Chorus] 
Father please forgive me for I know not what I do 



I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds 

Momma had a baby and it's head popped off 
(head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off) 
My momma don't want me, the next thing I know I'm gettin' dropped off 
(gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off) 
Ring ring ring, on the door bell and the next door neighbors on their front porch 
(their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch)
But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone elses lawn 
(elses lawn, elses lawn, elses lawn)
Till somebody finally took me in, my great aunt, uncle Edna 'n Charles 
(Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles) 
They were the ones who were left in charge 
My elementary they gang up on me and sang this song 
(sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song) 
It went a little something like mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb 
Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn 
Momma why do they keep saying this I just dont understand, understand 
And by the way, where's my dad? 

[Chorus] 

Predominantly, predominantly, everythings always predominantly 
Predominantly white, predominantly black 
But what about me, where does that leave me 
Well I guess that I'm between predominantly both of 'em 
I think if I hear that fuckin' word again I'mma scream 
While I'm projectile vomiting, what do I look like, a comedian to you? 
Do you think that I'm kidding? 
What do I look like some kind of idi-wait a minute, shit, don't answer that 
Why am I so misunderstood? 
Why do I go through so much bullshit, it sucks bullshit, 
Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again 
Whining about his millions and his mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin' in 
From the dad he never had, and how his childhood was so bad 
And how his mom was a dope addict, and his ex-wife how they go at it 
Man I'd hate to have it, as bad as that Mr. Mathers claims he had it 
I can't imagine it, that little rich poor white bastard 
Needs to take some of that cash out the bank and take a bath in it 

[Chorus] 

Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds 
Please release me from these deamons 
I never had any of this shit planned ma, please believe 
I don't wanna be Satan's spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry 
Now look at all the pain I caused 
This Santa Clause, why you not comin' this year again 
What did I do that was so bad to deserve this 
Everything could have been so perfect 
But life ain't a fairytale, I'm about to be hoist up in the air 
Forty feet below me, there's people everywhere 
I don't even know what it feel like, they know me cuz I'm in this ferris wheel 
And all i wanna do is go to the mall and take hailie on the carousel 
Without this crowd everywhere I go, but life is like a merry-go-round 
Here we go now, doe see doe now, curtains up, the show must go now
Ring around the rosie, the shows over, you can all go home now 
But the curtain just don't close for me, this ain't how fame is supposed to be 
Where's the switch I could just turn off and on, this ain't what I chose to be 
So please god, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on 
Till I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, myself is gone 

[Chorus x2] 





[Eminem] 
Girl you gimme writers block 
I'm at a loss for words 
My minds as lost as yours 
I rack my brain but still no thoughts emerge 
Never seen no ass as large as yours, how much that cost? 
That's what I call a Roethlisberger 
You drive me bonkers I’m about to get my swerve on for sure 
Thought I was pimpin until I felt like Nas, the first date 
Because I think I gave you power when I gave you flowers 
And I bought us a box of chocolates, no lozenges or cough drops or ??? 
Probably should of never let me call that job of yours 
To talk to your boss and ask him if you can take off from work 
Should of been one of the first signs to cause to learn 
Man we jumped in too fast, cause since then I can't be apart from her
Cause nobodies body's awesomer - I lust it, and she loves me cause I'm popular, but... 

[Jamie N Commons] 
You know this ain't love 
Oh, no, you know this ain't love 



You know this ain't love 
No, this ain't love 
(What is it then?) It's desperation 

She's lookin for Mr. Right, wants me to be that guy to her 
(It's desperation) 
I can't even put up a fight, cause I give in at the sight of her 

[Eminem] 
Well obviously, oblivious to me, I swore I was just invisible to you til I went to the lengths I did to meet you 
Cause you played so hard to get with me from the beginning 
Now I'm in disbelief I, never knew that this could be such misery 
Cause now you see nothin but me, and I don't see nothin but you 
And I'm about to flip cause we are super glued in 
We stuck to each others hips and we can't do anything individually 
Which is to cling on, scared to be alone, can't, specifically to describe it I just can't seem to give a reason this definitive, just need you 
Talkin bout "I live and breathe you" 
And you pretend to be as mentally and physically addicted to me 
As Wiz Khalifa is to reefer 
Don't wanna be without you, don't wanna be with you neither, bitch 
Put me in a situation in which it's both I wish to seek, cause this ain't... 

[Jamie N Commons] 
You know this ain't love 
Oh, no, you know this ain't love 
You know this ain't love 
No, this ain't love 
(What is it then?) It's desperation 

...and here I go again 

[Eminem] 
Just want you to myself, don't wanna share you with no one else 
What the fuck you whispering for? You get on my nerves, you make me sick 
I think our relationship, it seems to be on the fritz 
I mean it's time that we just split and leave the games behind 
Your frame of mind ain't the same as mine, I think 
You need to finish developing a little more mentally too, get the picture? 
That's a negative, Alicia, I will never give the Keys up 
To the crib, ever again, no reason not even a gift certificate from Tiffany's 
You better have an epiphany, slut, guess what? (what) ??? 
I'm just mad it took the time it took me to discover 
You been using me for loot like I used you for looks 
Thought you was too good for me, huh? ??? used to be my Carrie Underwood, I was your lumberjack, but I can't stomach this 
I'm leavin you, not comin back. She said "The fuck with that 
Where's my Louisville Slugger at?" 
She grabbed that fuckin bat and swung it at my head 
I barely ducked and that's right when she came up with a kick to the nuts twice 
Steel toe, girl probably coulda put a 100 yard field goal, through the uprights 

[Jamie N Commons] 
You know this ain't love 
Oh, no, you know this ain't love 
You know this ain't love 
No, this ain't love 
(What is it then?) It's desperation

[Dej Loaf] 
Tell 'em if they want it, they can come get that static 
I swear I love my city, I just want a little static 
See me, they salute me, they ain't ready for that static 
Detroit vs. Everybody 

[Royce Da 5'9"] 
I took a bite out the rotten apple by the poison tree 
All these females need to email to make noise 
And I think things changin' a lot, he fuck with my authority 
Then he shall see shells but not by the seashore 
If he gangbangin' or not 
It's simple as the alphabet 
He F with me, that G shall surely see 
He definitely is 'bout it, it's retail fraud, he's weak 
The honest gesture 
The trigger finger 'round the diamond tester, we tail flaw with heat 
The same soldier, it's me, myself and I 
Ridin' 'round shootin' my biopic and my autobiography 
Range Rover, this ain't the squash beef state 



You thinkin' makeup, we thinkin' Lark Voorhies face 
This Grand Eagle's an [?] coupe, might as well ride by in an ambulance 
My parachute like skydivin' in Hammer pants 
So call is siblin' rivalry 
Take his life, call it the unforgivable robbery 
A wise man told me that holdin' a grudge is like 
Lettin' somebody just live inside your head rent free 
Real talk, I don't got time to evict these clowns 
Y'all niggas been bitches, that's none of my business, but I don't sip tea 
(That's Nickel) Ride around his block 
All he knows is pitfalls, that's why he's always climbin' out his drop 
(I got a question) Do you wanna ride or die? 
Welcome to Detroit, mothafucka 

[Big Sean] 
Boy I need no halves and halves, I want the game in entirety 
100 percent cut, no stitches required 
Welcome to Detroit where if you get that promotion 
Don't worry, man them bullets will still be at your ass firin' 
I still call it safe, I would suck if I was umpirin' 
Boy I hit the beat I just treat that shit like a diary 
I'm offended if you hear my new shit and you ain't rewindin' me 
Self made, I never needed your bail or a wire, see 
Never callin' collect, I call to collect 
My homie wanted a Chevy so I put my dawg in the vet 
Plus I'm so loyal that that paper, boy, is all that I fetch 
Got the ball in my hand and the ball in the net 
I'm the D, can't no offense dunk on me 
I'm Mr. Big Shot, these hoes get drunk off me 
I'm overrespected, my mama's gated community's overprotected 
So futuristic, I'm already over my next bitch 
Reminiscin' on listenin' to 50 50 times a day 
Back when 10th grade was like 50 days away 
Tryna get paid 50 ways a day 
Used to put 50 on the layaway, now my closet 50 shades of grey 
26 and I've done lived a lifetime a few times 
From futons to Grey Poupons 
In church tryna get a little savings, yeah coupons 
I spit that A1 every day, I'm hittin' new primes 
Now the stakes high, niggas surprised that the new lines 
Or takin' down my number like "you still ain't got a new line?" 
Nah it's the same, we've been laborin' for years 
I know it took longer than 9 months, but fuck it, it's all in due time 
I turned a blunt to a roach with dreams of bein' a Beatle though 
One, two I need to, gotta learn to keep it cerebral 
When you come up in a place where everyone got a piece but ain't peaceful 
This is just part 1, wait 'til the sequel 

[Dej Loaf] 
Tell 'em if they want it, they can come get that static 
I swear I love my city, I just want a little static 
See me, they salute me, they ain't ready for that static 
Detroit vs. Everybody 

[Danny Brown] 
Comin' out them streets where they thirsty, starvin' to eat 
Just a step away from felon, that's why they call it the D 
On your [?], reason for all of this honesty 
Honestly no honor roll, but honor the Phantom stripper pole 
Cause I'm a Lynwood nigga, them young niggas say 
Put a sack on your head, you bleed out like [?] 
And to think our hood harder then I might break the door 
Know some killers pull the trigger for a Swisher and Molly 
[?] 
They say my city's [?] 
So nigga I'm a veteran, retire my letterman 
I [?] but I ain't [?] 
Cough up a line, 313 where I'm from 
Zan got me cross eyed like [?] 
And these niggas try to copy, [?] 
Ask [?], Detroit vs Everybody 

[Eminem] 
Lately it seems as if it's me against the world 
Like it was before my life became a movie 
And they usually use my mothafuckin' trailer to tease me with 
But I flip that script like AB filler 
Painkillers to pop that lid off that safety seal 
It made me feel amazing [?] 
If I may reiterate, I don't even need a script 
I ain't bein' conceited 
But I made it to radio, eat a dick 
I still never ABC the shit 
Mainstream appeal and the skill is what made me iller 
Since before they called JD Dilla 
I was daydreamin' one day that I would be the shit 
And if I ever end up escapin' the streets I swear that I would stay here 
Still in it, I'm crazy, I'll always be real 
Don't make me steal an 18 wheeler 
Break all of my friends out of here and take 'em straight to the Mercedes dealer 
Peel off back to the same block that we came from, rampage 
You crazy for [?] 
What's makin' you think I need a switch? I'm Adrian Peterson 
When he's raging and heated and on the way to go beat his kid 
On the track I spank like he just did 
(DETROIT!) I can't never leave this bitch 
Sick of bein' treated like me and shit 
Jesus, I can see why people stop callin' me to do features 
And them cyphers on BET cause if 
I wasn't me, I probably wouldn't want to play with me neither, shit 
Seems to be reachin' this fever pitch 
180 degrees in here 
[?] 
MCs bit off more than they can chew like a base full of Swedish Fish 
On a reign with two penises 
Hateful and genius, this inconvenience 
And for the record, you won't want this kind of static in your life 
When I'm makin' you cling to it 
They consider tryna reinsulate yah when it's maybe in for another crazy winter 
It's so cold in the D, it is as days begin to tick away 
But ain't this what really made me into the bitter [?] 
Sick of bein' underdog 
Don't make me unleash this shit, release this Pit 
May even seem as if 
I'm yankin' your chain a bit or maybe the way I'm sayin' shit 
Is playin' with your relation, changin' it 
It's still the same and Shady's still a lady killer 
Since the day I went insane and attacked the baby sitter 
With a potato peeler and mushed her face into the entertainment center 
It's like another plane just entered into Ukraine again 
The Bermuda Triangle and attempted to make a safety center 
Awaiting anyone who ain't affiliated could be danger 
Did you make arrangements with the gangsters when you came here? 
And I came to kill 'em 

[Dej Loaf] 
Tell 'em if they want it, they can come get that static 
I swear I love my city, I just want a little static 
See me, they salute me, they ain't ready for that static 
Detroit vs. Everybody 

[Trick Trick] 
What up though, it's the godfather Trick Trick. You either ridin' with us or gettin' rolled on. That means Detroit vs. Everybody! Hey Em let me get that instrumental take it down to the hood, let the little homies get this remix crackin'. Detroit!

[Eminem] 
I roll over and go to reach for you, you're gone 
This bed's empty without you 
You said you're moving on 
But I'm having some trouble getting there 
But dwelling ain't getting me, uhh, anywhere 
Fuckin' Valentine's Day 
Fuck February, stuffed teddy bear, guts everywhere 
Machete on the floor, I smashed up every mirror 
Yeah, how do I look? 
You fuckin' just let me here to die didn't you? 
Why didn't you respond yet? 
I've written you five or six different times and 
I'm gettin' sick and tired of always apologizing to you 
I didn't do shit to deserve what you're puttin' me through 
This couldn't be true, we can't be over 
So violets are blue, roses are red 
Why is it everything I do I'm reminded of you? 

[Kobe] 



Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night 
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointing toward the light 
Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back" 
Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone 

[Eminem] 
Guess I gotta deal with the fact that, you ain't never comin' back 
Now every woman that I look at I'm lookin' for you 
So I'm findin' something the matter with them 
Excuse to not see anyone 
Useless, rather pick up the phone, not at all, followin' protocol 
I get bowled like bowling balls 
Grow balls and go to call to talk, forget what I want to say 
Damnit I'm drawin' blanks like I'm playin' hangman 
I'm sick of playin' these games, I can't handle this heartbreak 
It's makin' me wanna blow out my brains 
Like birthday cake candles 
Hang up the phone and I shake, I think I may have made a mistake 
Can't escape the madness 
Turn the radio on, I hate this sad song 
But I can't even change the station
The same one's playin' on eight channels 
I lay awake in shambles, I'm startin to hallucinate 
I'm havin' all these visions of us at each other's wakes 
In caskets and suddenly I wake and that's when I know I 

[Kobe] 
Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night 
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointing toward the light 
Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back" 
Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone 

[Kobe] 
Give me one more, bottle for the pain 
Give me one more for the memories 
Give me one more, I'll make it taste like a steak 
It'll help alleviate 
It'll soothe this ache 
Of trying to fake 
That she's really, she's really coming back 

[Eminem] 
And it's been a while now, but I finally realize how 
Much reality sucks, but it's just something about our love 
I'm still in denial now, dealing with the finality of it 
And it's making me crazy thinking of the days we, spent 
And how I'll never hold you again 
And there ain't shit I can do about it 
Now my head is overcrowded 
With these clouded memories and I can't seem to get you out it 
And how the fuck do you sleep comfortably 
Knowing what you done did to me, huh? 
Did it even occur to you that I loved you, humbly 
Completely, madly, head over heels for you 
Was you and me, wants us to be together forever 
It was supposed to be us, but you crushed the dream 
We was supposed to die together, and it's killing me so much 
When I sleep I wake up dead, must be why I 

[Kobe] 
Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night 
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointing toward the light 
Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back" 
Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone 




[Tupac Shakur] 
Get on your knees nigga 
Get on your knees and pray, haha 

(*scratching*) 

[Ja Rule from +Loose Change+] 
Em you claim your mother's a crackhead and Kim is a known slut
So what's Hailie gonna be when she grows up 

[Intro - Eminem - talking] + (Hailie) (*echo*) 
A ha 
Yeah 
C'mon, G-G-G-G-UNIT! 
Hailie (what?) 
Come here baby 
Bring daddy his Oscar (okay) 
Where gonna shove up Ja Rule's ass (*laughing*) 




[Verse 1 - Swifty McVay] 
I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple 
I'm quick to Murder Inc. with lead and I ain't talkin about a pencil 
Look at what the fuck you done got into 
I see you found your niche you just a bitch with a menstrual 
Claimin you a murderer and spelt it wrong 
You put "E" before the "D" because that's all you on 
You on Pac's dick (bitch), you a replica guy (*gunshots fired*) 
If he was still alive, you would never get by (for real) 
All you do is cry, bitch keep it real 
Life is more than imitatin niggaz and eatin pills 
And what kinda motherfucker ruins three deals 
That another nigga got you, they didn't see skills 
And I ain't playin, you a brother gettin cheated 
And Ja Rule be prayin on his color cause he need it 
(2Pac: Get on your knees and pray) 
And all you niggaz hatin, shut your mouths 
It's just the real niggaz ain't buyin that shit y'all put out 

[Verse 2 - Obie Trice] 
Doe Rae Me, but we don't sing motherfuckers 
So Murder Inc. do your thing motherfuckers 
You unleashed on a team 
Who expects nothin less than R & B comin from that regime 
Regime, is a little extreme 
That connect some soldiers, motherfuckin Marines 
Ja sold his soul to sing 
Weave our witness team on the TV screen 
Chased the greed, now that you embraced the green 
Don't fuck with them triple beams 
You's a motherfuckin actor slash Pac impersonatin rapper 
Slash Billy Holiday, how it happen? 
Artists and repertoire saw him in action 
Pac assassination, Def Jam grabbed 'em 
Told 'em reenact 'em, you go platinum 
They seen it for sure, I know that Afeni Shakur don't enjoy 
Jeffrey Atkins reenactin her boy 
So I'm click clackin the toy, mash and destroy (*gun cocked and fired*) 
Shady slash Aftermath in Detroit motherfucker (*gunshots*) 

[Chorus - Eminem] - w/ ad libs 
Doe ray me, you fly so latte da, don't blame me 
Cause you washed up, lost your spot 
I'm a stay on my side of my crusade 
Ja quit playin, knock it off you're not Tupac 
Don't hate me cause you hot and your not goin at me 
The only shot you got 
Ja quit playin knock it off you're not Tupac 
And get popped like all that shit you pop 

C'MON! 

[Verse 3 - Kuniva] 
Now we can skip past the mean mugs, get to the slugs 
'Til the grievance and the cryin and the intimate hugs 
We don't take you serious nigga, you shook 
You half of a halfway crook 
Get off X's dick go sing a hook nigga 
And you can't replace the late great one 
And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one 
Nigga please, stick to the script 
Before the guns stick to the clip 
And Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch 
Fuckin old ass ignorant innocent lookin senior citizen 
Built up slap you like Grandmas all sensitive 
Wait a minute hold on (what's up?)
Is it me or do we look like a banana with braids and clothes on (*laughing*) 
A bitch "Made Man", now how you gonna connect 
With those short ass arms like a Tyrannosaurus Rex 
You niggaz could scream holla and curse 
Go ahead, respond and pull that pen and pad up outta your purse 

[Verse 4 - Proof] 
Slim didn't send Proof to get into +Wankstas+ 
He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas 
What up Gotti and this little war you pushed on 
Put your ear to the ground for stuckin your Bridgestones 
What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggaz? 
Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us 
It's real business, y'all ain't caught the concept (bitch) 
When the talk get nonsense to walk in bomb threats 
Contacts was blown by Benzetta in The Source 
Threatin at the boss you gonna see me on your porch 
Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us 
But Detroit niggaz heard and they ain't scurred to bust 

[Verse 5 - Kon Artis] 
Yo, props to my nigga Bugz, punks like you get beat up 
Stomped unconscious and smacked with the heater 
This rap cookie monster get jabbed in the tonsils with dicks 
So much that he should be fixed with a vagina 
Who's behind ya? 
Cadillac Pac or the transvestite that dressed like a Lil' Kim fox 
Your chest like a little wooden box
When I press tight on the trigger of this glock 
That's right all the little shit you got left to help you eat 
Your not Pac's souls, without laws we'll help you sleep 
You got shot in your video tryin to mock Pac 
You Mockaveli, get your own idea (*gunshots fired*) 

[Chorus] 

[Eminem - talking over the Chorus]
Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again 
Fuckin punk, pussy, bitch 
I'll fuck you up boy 
Never, never in your motherfuckin life 
Smack the shit out you little motherfuckin midget 
Hailie will whip your motherfuckin ass 

[Outro - Obie Trice - talking] 
Yeah, that's right motherfuckers 
Shady Records, what you know about? 
Fuck Benzino 
Fuck Ja Rule, nigga 
This is Obie Trice right here talkin to you motherfuckers 
Ja Rule punk ass 
Yeah, fuckin Soul 4 Real ass, nigga that's Soul 4 Real 
That's the nigga from Soul 4 Real 
Candy reign ass nigga 
He got a deal now he rappin 
He don't know what's .. 
Faggot ass motherfuckers 
Give money to all my real niggas man 
Obie Trice, D-12, G-Unit 
50 Cent, Hailie Jade (*echo*) (*laughing*) 

[Hailie] 
Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me? 

[Eminem] 
No honey you guys are the same size 







[Ja Rule] 
Em you claim your mother's a crackhead and Kim is a known slut
So what's Hailie gonna be when she grows up? 

[Eminem - (Hailie Jade)] 
Hahaaaa, Yeah, come on 
D-D-D-D-D-D-Twizzy 
Hailie (What??) 
Come here baby 
Bring daddy his oscar (okay) 
Were gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass (hehehe) 

[Swifty] 
I'm about to get rid of some hoes it's simple 
I put the Murder Inc with lead and I'm not talking about a pencil 
Look at what the fuck you dun got into 
I see you found your nitch you're just a bitch with a menstral 
Claiming you a murderer and spelt it wrong 



You but the "E" before the "D" because that's all you on 
You on Pac's dick (bitch) you a replica guy if he were still alive you would never get by 
All you do is cry bitch keep it real life is more than imitating niggas and eating pills 
And what kind of mothafucker ruins 3 deals that another nigga got you they didn't see 
skills 
And I ain't playing your a brother getting cheated 
And Ja Rule be praying on his cover cause he need it 
And you niggas hating shut your mouths 
It's just the real niggas ain't buying that shit you put out 

[Obie] 
Doe Rae Me but we don't sing motherfuckers 
So Murda Inc do your thing motherfuckers 
You unleased on a team who expects nothing less then RnB coming from that regime 
Regime is a little extreme neck to neck with soldiers motherfucking marines 
Ja sold his soul to sing we have witnessed teen on the TV screen chase the dream 
Now that you embrace the green don't fuck with the triple beams 
You's a muther fucking actor slash Pac impersonating rapper 
Slash Billy Holiday how it happen?
Artists with repituares saw him in action, Pac's assasination 
Def jam grabbed him, told him reinact him you'll go platinum 
They seen it for sure I know that Afeni Shakur don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins 
Reinacting her boy saw him click clacking his toy 
Match and destroy Shady slash Aftermath in detroit motherfucker 

[Eminem] 
Doe Rae Me Fa So La Dee Da 
Don't play me cause your washed up, lost your spot 
Mama say mama sa Macosaca 
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac 
Doe Rae Me cause we're hot and you're not 
Going at me is the only shot you got 
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac 
You can get popped after all that shit you pop 

[Kuniva] 
Now we can skip past the mean mugs, get to the slugs 
To grievence and the crying and intimate hugs 
We don't take you serious nigga you shook, 
You're half of a half wieght crook nigga get off X dick go sing a hook nigga 
And you can't replace the late great one and when your gone you'll only be the late fake 
one 
Nigga please stick the script before the guns stick to the clip 
And Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch, fucking old ass ignorant innocent looking senior 
citizen 
Built up slap you like renisanse sicitive wait a minute hold on 
Is it me or do we look like a banana with braids and clothes on 
A bitch made man now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a Tyranasaurous 
Rex 
You niggas can scream, holla and curse and go ahead and respond 
Pull that pen and pad up out of your purse 

[Proof] 
Slim set an impulse to get at the wanktas 
He told me to let loose and spit at the ganstas 
What up gotti were in this little war you pushed on 
Put your ear to the drama for stucky and bush stones 
What's wrong? didn't think were strong with real niggas 
Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us 
This real witness yall ain't caught the concept 
You're talking non sense to walking bomb threats 
Contacts were blown by Benzetta in the Source 
Threatning at the boss you're gonna see me on your porch 
Now Irv got the nerse to try serve on us 
But Detroit niggas curve and they stirs to bust 

[Kon Artis] 
Do I gotta get my nigga bugz, punks like you get beat up 
Stomped unconscience and smacked with the heater 
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils 
With dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina 
Who's behind ya? Caddillac, Pac or that transvestite that dress like a Lil Kim Fox 
Your just like a little wind box when I press tight on the trigger of this glock 
That's right on the little shit you got left to help you eat 
You not Pac's songs without laws will help you sleep 
You got shot in your video trying to mock pac your "mock"avelli get your own identity 

[Eminem] 
Doe Rae Me Fa So La Dee Da 
(Don't EVER say my lil girls name in a song again) 
Don't play me cause your washed up, lost your spot 
Mama say mama sa Macosaca 
(Fucking punk pussy, BITCH!) 
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac 
Doe Rae Me cause we're hot and you're not 
(Im'a fuck you up boy) 
Going at me is the only shot you got 
(Never again in your mother fucking life) 
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac 
(Gonna shoot the shit outa you little fucking midgits, 
Hailie will whip your mother fucking asses) 
You can get popped after all that shit you pop 

[Obie Trice] 
Yeah, that's right motherfuckers 
Shady Records, what you know about? 
Fuck Benzino, fuck Ja Rule 
Nigga, this is Obie Trice right here talkin to you mother fuckers 
Ja Rule punk ass yeah 
Fuck his soul for real ass 
Nigga that's soul, that's the nigga from 'soul for real' 
Candy rain ass nigga you got a deal now you rappin 
You don't know us, faggot ass mother fuckers 
Give money to all my real niggas 
Obie Trice, D12, G-Unit, 50 Cent, Hailie Jade Hahahaha 

[Hailie] Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me? 

[Eminem] No honey you guys are the same size 




Don’t front… 
Don’t front… 
Don’t front… 

Used to get bent, now I represent to the fullest 
Pencil is full of insulin bullets 
I’m like a Doberman Pinscher, Pitbull and a Rot’ mixed with a toxin 
The plot begins to thicken, I begin to spit like vintage Pac 
Demented, demonic sinister… 
Ever since the the doc’ replenished me the day he gave me that shot 
When I was just about to quit 
So to not see him with me would a shocking image 
And I’m the definition of what a concrete chin is 
‘Cause no matter how many times you sock me in it 
And knock me to the canvas, even the boxing critics 
Know that if I get off to a rocky start, I’ll always have a Rocky finish 
Eat me brocoli, spinach, cocky? 
Nope – but I hope I offended you when I told ya how dope I am at this 
And put emphasis on the “dope” 
So when names come up in the conversation of who’s the dopest 



Better throw mine in it – and don’t mind me 
While I remind you of the flow you won’t find anywhere when it fires 
And I unload my pen explodes ’til there’s no rhymes in it 
Reload in no time, let insults fly ever sixty seconds that go by 
So you know I meant it… 
In school I was so shy, timid – two pairs of jean’s I’d alternate 
Bummy clothes, I ‘member beggin’ my mom for Kmart MacGregors 
‘Cause they were new – Saint-Vincent De Paul 
Those Pony’s were used, and no size fitted… 
But kissed them old days adios, I did it 
They said I was a gimmick, now I’m the one that those guys mimic 
Now you fuckers don’t wanna’ go startin’ no argument 
‘Cause you know I’ll win it 
Name a flow that’s more authentic, and don’t front… 

You know I got I got cha opin – don’t front… 
You know I got I got cha opin, kid – don’t front… 
You know I got cha…


[50 Cent] 
I need you to pray for me (and) 
I need you to care for me (and) 
I need you to want me to win 
I need to know where I'm heading, 'cause I know where I've been 

Flows, bones, crushin', it's nothin' 
I come up with somethin' 
Come through your strip, frontin', stuntin' 
It's something you want, 745 chrome spinnin' 
Haters hate that I'm winnin' 
Man I've been hot from the beginnin' 
Motherfuckers envy the kid, control your jealousy 
'Cause I can't control my temper, I'm fittin' to catch a felony 
Pistol in hand homie, I'm down to get it poppin' 
Once I squeeze the first shot (gun shot), you know I ain't stoppin' 
Till my clip is empty, I'm simply 
Not that nigga you should try your luck with, or fuck with 
Hollow-tip shells struck you with your bones broken, gun smokin', still locin' 
what nigga, lay your ass down paramedics get you up feeling 




[Chorus 50 Cent] 
Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me 
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me 
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me 
I got somethin' for your ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy 

Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me 
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me 
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me 
I got somethin' for your ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy 

[Lloyd Banks] 
I cross my bigger nigga, and I didn't cry 
To young to understand, the consequences of a man 
Livin' a lie, I gotta get that money 
I'll be damned if I'm bummy 
Gotta watch my back around these niggas 
'Cause they funny 20 years, of watching my mama's tears 
Got my heated, heavily weeded 
Smoking that bong, cause I need it
These niggas don't want me ballin', they want me buried 
balled in the dirt, from shots flurry 
Layin' with bugs all under my shirt
I got plans to hop up in that Hummer 
'Cause I'm a stunner, I sit back and wonder 


When them angels, gonna call my number 
Under my chest is a heart of a lion 
I ain't lying, bounty hunters got me flyin' 
With my iron, high as a giant 
I'm runnin' from nothin', my stomach is touchin' 
What I'm clutchin', to give you more than a concussion, end of discussion 
My blood is colder, so I'm bolder 
And it's either soda, hood on my shoulder 
Look in the mirror, I see a soldier 

[Chorus X2 50 Cent] 

Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me 
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me 
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me 
I got somethin' for your ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy 

Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me 
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me 
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me 
I got somethin' for your ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy 

[Eminem] 
These are my ideas 
This is my sweat and tears 
This is shit that I saw, with my balls, my ears 
This is me, who's got to be 
What you see on TV, what you hear on CD, what appears easy 
Man these teenie boopers see me on these magazine covers 
In these beanies and these rags, living fantasies 
Frontin' like it's all fun and games, 'til they shoot em up bang 
When you see your brains hang and you see we ain't playin' 
Ain't sayin' we ain't layin' down at night and ain't prayin' 
I bullied my way in this game, man I'm done playin' 
Man I'm done sayin' that I'm done playin' 
I'm a start layin' into these motherfuckin'g cocksuckers 
There's no way I'm back down, like a god damn coward 
I can't, how would I look as man, bowing to his knees 
Like the mad cow disease, let somebody lash out at me 
And not lash back out at 'em, please 
Oh, whoa, yo, ho, hold up, oh no, not me, not Marshall 
You want to see Marshall? I'll show you Marshall 
I try to show you heart, but you just pick it apart 
So I see I have to start, showing you fuckin' old farts, 
A whole other side, I wanted to not show you 
So you know you're not dealing with some fuckin' marshmallow, little soft yellow punk pussy, who's heart's Jello, 'cause 

[Chorus 2X] 

Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me 
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me 
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me 
I got somethin' for your ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy 

Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me 
I aim straight for your head, so don't push me 
Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me 
I got somethin' for your ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy 






[X] Pssh, man I need a lighter man 
[E] Right here 
[X] Yeahhh.. whassup Slim? 
[E] What's crackin? 
[X] Hit this shit 
[E] Ssshhit I almost hit this motherfucker today 
[X] Psh, is that right? 
[E] What is it with motherfuckers thinkin that.. 
[E] {*SIGH*} because we're in the spotlight or whatever that.. 
[E] they can do or say whatever they want to us 
[E] and that we won't retaliate 
[X] Protect my motherfuckin' self, by ANY 
[both] MEANS, NECESSARY 
[E] Right? 

[Chorus 2X: Eminem] 
Cause you don't know me, I don't know you 
So don't approach me, I won't approach you 



And don't insult me, I won't insult you 
Cause you don't know what I will or I won't do 

[Xzibit] 
Make no mistake, I'm the Golden State heavyweight 
Bein underrated gave me time to create it 
Can you relate? I renovate, straight out the gate 
Carried my weight, but seem to receive nothin but hate 
Millionaires snatchin crumbs off my little son plate 
Kidnapped, locked in a trunk, get shot in the face 
No hoes, no clothes, no one showin up for my shows 
You know how it goes; I might as well kick it at home 
But my baby momma hate my guts and can't stand me (yeah) 
Packed up, moved out, started a new family 
So all this strugglin for what, so I can blow up 
marry a slut but can't watch my seed grow up? 
FUCK THAT, this the fuckin thanks I get 
for tryin to edutain assholes and feed my bitch 
Yo I feel like my whole life is upside down (upside down) 
cause you seein more support than I'm seein my child 
It's like.. 

[Eminem] 
.. everyday I wake up, another drama 
It's a wonder I'm alive, survivin this karma 
If I can hold on to my private life for five minutes longer 
I might get my wife to let go of this knife and just calm her 
without these cameras in our faces like animals 
for your Channel 2 Action News to follow our ambulence up the avenue 
and catch a glimpse of all the suicide attempts 
and what we do in private since they won't let us put up a fence 
And you wonder why I carry every gun under the sun 
whether it's unloaded full or an un-registered one 
No bullet, you're so full of shit 
this clip is so full it'll spit if I don't pull it 
And don't give me no bullshit I'm not in the mood 
I just got in a feud in some parkin lot with a dude 
over Kim and she just slit both of her wrists over the shit 
Don't tell me bout the show business shit 
I know what this is, bitch 

[Chorus] 

[Xzibit] 
This ain't business, this is personal BITCH 
You don't know Xzibit from shit, new school, class dismissed 
I had a very FUCKED UP day, I'm needin this fit 
Shuttin motherfuckers up like they pleadin the 5th 
Yo Em it's time to get serious with it (yeah) 
Time for everybody to feel it, similar to the egg in the skillet 
This is your brain on drugs, Xzibit brain on thugs 
Ain't no neighborhood that's big enough to bang on us 
Ain't no love lost my niggaz, relax yo'self 
I'm about to snatch it all and start spreadin the wealth 
To my niggaz who never seen it I mean it when I holla 
at the top of my lungs about my guns and my loved ones 
Got, tons of ammo to crack your enamel 
Changin your channel, you played like a fuckin piano 
Ridin slow through Cali like I'm ridin a camel 
Millionaire motherfuckers with their brains in their flannels 
I feel like, Tony Soprano, who do I trust now? 
Just hit me on my tele' nigga soon as I touch down 
Spit lines to split spines just to get mine 
Big behind bitches gettin dick to spit shine 
Sniff lines of coke, that's the only shit that make you dope 
Bitch-ass nigga that's droppin the soap 
Get choked out and beat, put your head in a vise-grip 
and turn til you motherfuckers tell me the right shit 

[Eminem] 
So do I gotta buy a whole block to myself 
a front door with twelve locks 
and have a bodyguard walk me out to my mailbox 
and everytime somebody makes a threat, run and tell cops? 
Fuck that, I protect myself with these twelve shots 
and one in the chamber, gun in the waist 
and one in the ankle, waitin for someone to come to my place 
tryin to walk up and knock like these cocksuckers are not 
gonna get a shotgun or a glock shoved in their face? 
And it's a disgrace Hailey can't play with her toys 
in the front yard without you drivin by honkin your horn 
screamin some shit, leanin out your windows, beepin n shit 
Or pullin up in my drive like I won't leap in your whip 
And so these kids tell their friends and relatives where I live 
so my address ends up on the internet again 
So then, I do an interview with Spin, tellin them 
that if someone comes to my crib, I'ma shove a gun in their ribs 
And reporters, blow it out of proportion 
"Oh, now he's pullin guns on his fans 
just for tryin to stand on his porch"
And I'm the bad guy, cause I don't answer my door like "Hey hi! 
You guys wants some autographs? Okay, form a straight line!" 
Sometimes I feel like loadin this rifle 
and climbin the roof at night and hidin outside to snipe you 
It's not that I don't like you.. 
.. it's just that I'm not behind the mic 
I'm a person who's just like you 




[ Intro ] 

Guard: Mr. Yayo, your free to go, so I guess this means I'll see you tomorrow 
Eminem: Guess who's home? Tony Yayo, Obie Trice, C'mon! 

[ Chorus ] [ Eminem ] 

I'm a Drama Setter, gripping my baretta sipping Armaretta 
Man you crazy if you think Ima let up 
I told you I'm a Drama Setter 
I'll be the first to set it homie, you can bet it just don't get in the way of my chedda 
Man cause I'm a Drama Setter 
I don't go looking for no trouble but somehow the trouble always finds me 
Don't make me have you in the trauma center 
With you momma crying cause her only son is dying 
She just don't know it's just your karma catching upcause I'm a Drama Setter 

[ Verse 1 ] [ Tony Yayo ] 

I'll poke you man I'm Riker's Island Pokemon 



I got c.O.'s bringin me Filet Mingon 
But now a nigga home looking frail in a drop 
With a bitch shotgun that's inhaling the cock 
I got rocks on my neck the size of bottle tops 
And got glocks in the lex when we ride behind cops.pb 
On broke days we used to put water in our cereal 
Now we crossing borders just to shoot another video 
It's Tony Montano, full body armor 
Soning niggas like Alfredo in Godfather 
Two shot revolver, that Dillinger shit 
In the A-R 15, Bentley or Six 
We taking trips to Morocco just to tan 
We smoke weed in restaurants in Amsterdam 
I was worth a hundred grams, now I'm worth a cool million 
I'll put money on your hairline, your dime and your children 

[ Chorus ] [ Eminem ] 

[ Verse 2 ] [ Obie Trice ] 

Since Yayo is home, them A-R's is drawn 
Obie's Guerrila Unit, fuck affilia-tion 
We are oneIt is sensless, for you to prevent this 
The 40, cal'll put you up under some photosynthesis 
At any given instantanother incident 
You just got a glimpse of Obie and Yay's temperment 
And we holding them K's that's why homie won't age 
Isn't it that Tony's enraged they throw him in cages 
But now my nigga's loose Our crews is bulletproof 
All brought to you from whom's pupils, baby blues 
His short fuses, put your portrait on the news 
Nigga them screws is loose when you fucking with them shady dudes 

[ Chorus ] [ Eminem ] 

[ Verse 3 ] [ Tony Yayo ] 

Got fat while I was gone, but now I'm here 
And yall rappers only bust shots only in fear 
Chinchillas on my back, itchy fingers on the mac 
Get scrilla off of crack, get fifty's shooter back 
Listen homie, don't let them niggas amp you money 
Cause I got niggas in Queens that kill for pamper money 
Move like Kaiser, Jayson Williams slaughter the driver 
My daughter Maniyah, know that the kid spit fire 
Reality rap, nigga check my salary cap 
I give guns to my soldiers with a battery pack 
What you know about light planes and heavy coke 
And them drugs being smuggled on them fast speed boats 
It's the rap tycoon, Tony you all know me 
See me on MTV I'm a parole 
I was out for 12 hours and went right back in 
For three hots and 1 cot doin time in the pen 

[ Chorus ] [ Eminem ] 

[ Outro ] [ Eminem and Yayo ] 

Y: Yeah nigga thank you Marshall 
E: No problem 
Y: We dont stop, save the best for the last, Talk of New York - Thoughts of a Predicate Felon. Blue Hefner, Lloyd Banks, Buck Marley, Young Buck, Curtis "Interscope" Jackson 
E: "Shady Aftermath" Mathers 
Y: Olivia 
E: O. Trice, Stat Quo 
Y: We gonna keep getting this money, Y?all rappers gonna keep hating 
E and Y:Fuck Yall 
Y: Y?all want problems, I'm built for this shit 
Shady Aftermath, G-Unit, We run this rap shit 






Drips Lyrics 

Intro: 

Eminem: 

Obie, Yo? 

Obie Trice: 

I'm sick 

Eminem: 

Damn, you straight dog? 

Obie Trice: 




*Coughin'* 
Bitches 
Gettin' sick 

Chorus: 

That's why I ain't got no time 
For these games and stupid tricks 
All these bitches on my dick 
That's how dudes be gettin' sick 
That's how dicks be gettin' drips 
Fallin' victims to this shit 
From these bitches on our dicks 
Fuckin' chickens with no ribs 
That's why I ain't got no time 

Obie Trice: 

Yo, I woke up, fucked up off the liquor I drunk 
I had a bag of tha skunk, one and last night's tunk 
Pussy residue was on my penis 
Denise from the cleanas 
Fucked me good, you shoulda seen us 
Big booty bitch, switch unbearable, French role stylin', body like a Stallion 
Sizin' up the figure, while my shit gettin' bigga 
Debatin' on to fucka, do I wanna be a nigga 
Caressin' this bitch, plus I'm checkin' out them tits 
Sippin' on that fine shit 
I ain't use to buyin' 
I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory 
Like takin' ho's money, but that's anutha story 
For surely ya pussy on toast, afta we toast 
Our clothes fell like Bishop and Juice 
The womb beata, clean pussy eata, insertin' my john 
In that spot hotta than the hottest block, don't stop! 
Response I got when I was knockin' it 
Clocks steadin' tickin', kinky finga lickin' 
The cannon, semins at my tip when she moans 
I gotta slow down before I cum soon 
And work that nigga, like a slave owna 
When I dropped off my outfit, she knew I wanted to bona 
She foamin' at them lips, the ones between the hips 
Pubic hair's lookin' like some sour cream dip 
Without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though 
Pussy tighta than conditions of his black folks 
Bein' a vinyl stretched, the last part of sex 
I bust a fat ass nut - then I woke up next 
Like, what the fuck is goin' on here? 
This bitch evaporated, pussy and all just picked up and vacated 
And now I'm frustrated cause my dick was unprotected 
And doctor Wesley tellin' me I ain't really got that shit 
Fuck 

Chorus (2x) 


Eminem: 

Now I don't wanna hit no women when this chick's got it comin' 
Someone betta get this bitch 'fore she gets kicked in the stomach 
And she's pregnant, but she's eggin' me on, beggin' me to throw 'er 
Off the steps on this porch, my only weapon is force 
And I don't wanna resort to violence of any sort 
But why's she shovin' me for? Doesn't she love me no more? 
Wasn't she huggin' me four minutes ago at the door? 
Man I'm this close to goin' toe to toe with this whore 
What would you do if she was tellin' you she wants a divorce 
She's havin' another baby in a month and it's yours 
And you found it isn't 'cuz this bitch has been visitin' 
Someone else and suckin' his dick and kissin' you on the lips 
When you get back to Michigan 
Now the plot has thickend 'n worse 
'Cuz you feel like you've been stickin' your fuckin' dick in a hearse 
So your paranoid at every little cold that you get 
Eva since they sold you this shit, you've been holdin' your dick 
So you go to the clinic, sweatin' every minute you in it 
Then the doctor comes out lookin' like Dennis the Menace *hahahaha* 
And it's obvious to everyone in the lobby, it's AIDS 
He ain't even gotta call in you the office to say it 
So you jet back home, 'cuz you gon' get that ho 
And when you see 'er, you're gonna bend 'er fuckin' neck back yo 
'Cuz you love 'er, you neva would've expect that blow 
Obie told you to scoop, how could she stoop that low? 
Jesus, I don't believe this bitch works at the cleanas 
Bringin' me home diseases swingin' from Obie's penis 
She's so deceivin', shit this ho's a genious 
She gee'd us 

Chorus (2x) 


Outro: 

Eminem: 

"I'm busy!" 

Obie Trice: 

Yeah, fuck these bitches 

Eminem: 

Fuck 'em all" 

Obie Trice: 

Get money 

Eminem: 

Ha! 

Obie Trice: 

Shady Records 

Eminem: 

Woo! 

Obie Trice: 

Obie Trice 
Eminem muthafucka 
*Hissing sounds* 
New millenium shit 
Yeah 
Turn this shit off 
Turn this shit the fuck off 




girl: Yea...(laughter)...whoooo...shit
hmmm, whoaaa, hmm ...
Guess what?
I ain't coming in yet, I'll come in in a minute
Aiyo, this is my love song. It goes like this....
Back when Mark Walburg was marky mark
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to...mix in with Bacardi dark
and when it... kicks in you can hardly talk
and by the... sixth gin you gon probly crawl
and you'll be... sick then and you'll probly barf
and my pre-...diction is that you gon' probably fall
either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall
and every-... things spinnin' your beginning to think women are swimmin' in pink linen again in the sink
Then in a couple of minutes that bottle of Guinness is finished
you are now allowed to officially slap bitches
you have the right to remain violent and start wildin'
start a fight with the same guy that was smart rhymin'
get in the car and start it and start drivin'
over the island and cause a 42 car pile up



Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot, looking for life on this planet sir, no
sign of it all I could see is a bunch of smoke flyin' and I'm so high that I might die if I go by it.
Let me out of this place I'm outta place, I'm in in outter space, I've just
vanished without a trace.
I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow, I'll be back in an
hour or so.
Cuz every time I go to try to leave (whoa-o-o)
someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve (whoa-o-o)
I don't wanna but I gotta stay (whoa-o-o)
these drugs really gotta hold on me (whoa-o-o)
Cuz everytime I try ta tell 'em no (no-o-o)
they won't let me ever let 'em go (go-o-o)
I'm a sucker all I gotta say (whoa-o-o)
these drugs really gotta hold on me
In third grade all I used to do, was sniff glue through a tube and play rubix cube
Seventeen years later I'm as rude as joo
Schemein on the first chick with the hugest boobs
I got no game, and every face looks the same
they got no name, so I don't need game to play
I just say whatever I want, to whoever I want, whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want
However I do show some respect to few
This ecstasy has got me standin' next to you
Gettin' sentimental as fuck, spillin' guts to you
We just met, but I think I'm in love with you
But you're on it too, so you tell me you love me too,
Wake up in the morning like "What the fuck we do?""
I gotta go bitch"you know I got stuff to do"Cuz if I get caught cheatin'
then I'm stuck with you but in the long run these drugs are gonna catch up sooner or later but fuck it I'm on one"so let's enjoy"let the ex destroy your spinal chord"so it's not a straight line no more
So we walk around lookin' like some wind-up dolls"shit stickin' out of our
backs like a dinosaur"shit"six hit's won't even get me high no more"so bye for now"I'm gonna try to find some more
Chorus
That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow when you swallow it all
wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow your probably gonna wanna do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend"screw it
and what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning? and what's a little fight"
tomorrow you'll be boys again it's your life"live it however you wanna Marijuana is everywhere"where was you brought up? It don't matter as long as you get where you're goin' 'cuz none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin' they tell you to stop but you just sit there ignorin'"even though you wake up feelin like shit every mornin. But your young"you got a lot of drugs to do"girls to screw"parties to crash"sucks to be you if I could take it all back now I wouldn't"I woulda did more shit that peop"

Intro (Eminem): 
Ayo, yo, this motherfucken Eminem, Dirty Dozen, 
?Bout to show you how we set it when we come through, 
Know what I?m sayin?, word up, bitch motherfuckers better raise up, 
y?all motherfuckers better raise up, ayo buss it 

Verse 1 (Eminem): 
Ayo 
I'ma pit-bull terrier, triple darin' ya, scarin' ya with a derringer, 
ready to make you wet like a Submariner, tearin? ya frame out with homicidal lines 
Bringin? the drama an the trauma to ya mama?s vital signs (Blaw!) 
A verbal shot fired, this mic?s been hot wired, uppercuts to your chin knockin? your snot skyward 
Rappers wanna be screenplay actors, so I?m givin? them spine fractures, 
like linebackers on the Green Bay Packers, an roll over ?em backwards 
Dirty Dozen, I?m someone you just don?t wanna see like a nerdy cousin 
So keep your distance when I get this tense, you see my fist clench 
It?s gonna be some bullets dispensed, you besta keep yo premescence fixed 
Your mistense, any resistance, get you voided like mis-prints 
You?ll end up with no teeth left makin? a beef threat 
When I look up on your set, don't get it twisted like Keith Sweat 




Chorus (Eminem): 
When I get the bussin, you best be get to jumpin? 
I?m touchin? somethin?, fool I?m comin? through dumpin? 
My beat?s bumpin?, you hear it thumpin?, that oughta tell you somethin? 
Bitch I?m comin? through dumpin?
Bullets hit you, your heart stops pumpin?, you blood starts clumpin? 
I?m comin? through dumpin? 
If you don?t know you best make an assumption, I got you slumpin? 
Fool I?m comin? through dumpin? 

Verse 2 (Proof): 
A proven fact my pact got your whole team movin? back 
We never losin? slack, I paid dues in rap 
I?m runnin? crews my shoes are tapped 
My right is choosin' gats, my thugs ?-use ?-acks 
Relax an catch a contact, to an amusin' track, slugs dispatched 
On any street risen? mismatched 
My team?ll get busy like rednecks on some 6 packs 
My fist crack the featherweight, my word?s?ll never break 
A clever snake?ll be forever fake, let me get this cheddar straight 
Makin? dough is a part, so is the heart, my flow is the art 
Me an the mic Gomez like Lois & Clark 
Weapons concealed until death, now see ?em, my chrome shatter bones that lack calcium, 
Knockin? domes out the ballpark, your dawgs is all bark, plus you got a small heart 
Now save them corny lines for Hallmark 
I wanna the sunny days & money paid in they figures 
A microphone fiend an on my own team there?s fake nigga's 
Mum?s they rocked the cradle, I spot the fable 
They made the shop an stable, with grass top the table 
The glock enable when I pop the fatal, phonies that I plot pre-natal wax 
The player haters never make it back 
I?m dumpin? 

Chorus (Eminem): 
When I get the bussin, you best be get the jumpin? 
I?m touchin? somethin?, fool I?m comin? through dumpin? 
My beat?s bumpin?, you hear it thumpin?, that oughta tell you somethin? 
Bitch I?m comin? through dumpin?
Bullets hit you, your heart stops pumpin?, you blood starts clumpin'
I?m comin? through dumpin? 
If you don?t know you best make an assumption, I got you slumpin? 
I?m comin? through straight dumpin? 

Verse 3 (B-Flat): 
Ayo 
We don?t say fat, we stay scroll? bizness 
The 3rd nigger on the mic, representin Rough Anopolies? 
Ain?t shit stoppin? us, old school like Cold Crush 
Spice & dice MC?s on the mic like cold cuts 
Live N direct, comin? straight from the debt? where nigga's 
keep it real an make these girls panties wet 
I can?t forget the D.J., he play, we say funky type of 
shit that make the crowd wanna flip 
We don?t bust clips, guns is not in us, but when shit gets deep it?s a must that we bust 
I?ma lay lead on the head, for afro?s and fazaball head?s all the way down to the dreads 
40?s we drink, endo?s we smoke, and the rims that we ride on, is true these are spokes, tryes 
No ally the Micheals? but they don't live on ?Myers? 
Bitches pussy tight, here comes the dick pliers 
What?s my name, call me siah, rewind on the mic like titty dancers on a fire 
When you hear my beats, kickin? live crowds jumpin?, I?m comin? through dumpin 

Chorus (B-Flat): 
Other MC?s like Doug-E-Fresh ain?t sayin? nuttin 
Bitch nigga I?m comin? through dumpin? 
Go to the church, ill have the dick an cold humpin? 
Cause my shit be comin? through dumpin? 

Verse 4 (Eye Kyu): 
When I?m lifted, don?t quiz this it ain?t worth it to risk it 
I?m quick with the gift & twice as swift with a biscuit 
Headed back to fresh off a nigga's ass around Christmas 
They know it's what time of year, they be expectin' my visits 
Doin' Ninety on the encil, rushin' to get there to twist you nigga's like a pretzel 
Blows come in three's like Godfather Trilogy 
I'm Michael Corleone with this mic, bitch y'all aint killin me 
Let me see some heads and make sure y'all feelin' me 
I'm stickin' you up for all props and y'all gone give 'em up willingly 
Rap is my life and that's why everyday i live it 
Punchin' holes in the flow of wack rappers like a rivet 
mad nigga's in here is bringin' drama this thick 
When they try to come up shorter than floods on a mdget 
Shiit, can ya dig it? 

Chorus (Eye Kyu): 
Crew comin? through with somethin? 
Guaranteed to have your whole fucken block jumpin?, we comin? through dumpin? 
When we come, we got your knees crumblin?, y?all nigga's ain?t sayin? nuttin? 
Cause we comin dumpin? 
What you talkin?, nigga get to walkin', see ya bitch ass crew halkin' 
But we goin? get to dumpin' 
You don?t want it, go ahead an back up of it, I?ma let you know how it is 
nigga?s just be dumpin 






[Aye yo Paul, It's Em 
I got your call about the Michael Jackson thing 
And I know that he's not 'thrilled' about the video 
What does he 'wanna be startin' somethin'?' 
Well I'll show him who's really 'bad' 
Paul, 'the way you make me feel' with these calls 
You should really take a look at the 'man in the mirror' 
And tell him to 'beat it' because I 'won't stop till I get enough' 
Do you 'remember the time' we were watching the 'Billy Jean' video? 
Well he'll always be that Michael to me 
And it doesn't matter if he's 'black or white' 
Because I 'can't stop loving him' and I hate plastic surgeons 
And I hope they all fucking die! 
How do you like that? 
And I like him, I like him a lot 
I want to touch him but I can't 
Excuse me, I'm taking a shit 
Sorry 



Anyways, call me back 
I have this idea about how I want to end the show 
So, hit me when you get this message fucker 
Oh, and by the way 
No I don't have a new gun *click* (goddamn it)] 





*after shoutouts and talking* 

[Eminem] 
Peace to Thirstin Howl, A.L. and Wordsworth 
My mother smoked crack, I had a premature birth 
I'm just a nerd cursed, wit badly disturbed nerves 
Who wanna be the one to step up and get served first? 
Ninety-nine percent of aliens prefer earth 
So I'm here to rule the planet, startin wit your turf 
I hid a secret message inside of a wordsearch 
Wit smeard letters, runnin together in blurred spurts 
I hang wit male chauvinist pigs and perverts 
Who point water pistols at women and squirt shirts 
Been a bad boy since diapers and Gerber's 
My first words were "Bleep bleep" and "Curse curse" 
Never had ish, and I still don't deserve dirt 
My breath still stinks and I'm on my third Certs 
Yankin out my stitches, hollering "Nurse nurse!" 
"You said this shot would numb it, trick it just hurts worse!" 



Grew up in a dump next door to a burnt church 
But gunshots drowned out crickets and bird chirps 
And it's like that, and it's like that 

[Evidence] 
Got no apathy 
Yo I Platform my strategy, mix words in alchemy 
Evidence, I won't get caught shot on the balcony 
Between you and I, I'll tell you here's the diff 
Gun to your head, you're dead, pointblank I shapeshift 
That's right, to dear/deer, anelope, or owl 
In life, use your potential, or Steve Howe 
I'm about to call it quits, yo too much weight'll break your rack mount 
The man'll make you move, yo so make your move a backout 
You say I use my name too much as a clutch 
Try holdin on to beat instead of pushin on your crutch 
Flipped it backwards, Evidence attack nerds off the head 
Steadfast, right or left, don't matter see you comin 
Deaf/Def like Leppards, pop the piece, I be the sheppard 
Causin the herd, the name is Ev absurd 
Verbs get flipped, it's like this, yo acronyms and all that 
Methaphor imagery, you claimin metaphors and spittin similies 
Not havin It, the name is Evidence 
Like Pos. K gibbin the life thinkin of stabbin it 
Skills prevail you possess, take no offense 
But don't profess lies within your mind, tempt and stress 

[Iriscience] 
It's like uh-oh-oh 
It's Dilated Peoples on the Wake Up Show-uh-oh 
We kick a lick or some for the radio-uh-oh 
Yo CaTashTrophic like Rico *fades out* 










Yo! Turn that click offâ€à‚Â¦ 

My music is theraputic 
But its also provin 
That it can put you in the mood to 
jump out your car while it's movin 
You been waitin' on this moment 
My sermon is like a omen 
I'm servin' I'm Erick Sermon 
I saw the window was open 
And I jumped through it 
My shit if you don't get pumped to it 
I quit, here's my rhyme book 
Go ahead and thumb through it 
And pick what you want from it 
Rummage,and find something 
you can use to jump someone 
And roll up bumpin 



I'm constantly copin' over you 
Squattin', shit has gotten to the point 
Where I ain't even writin' no more, I'm just jottin' 
This is chicken scratch, shit is sickenin' 
I've been kickin' ass off bullshit 
Throwaway rhymes, pick a batch 
I live for the love of rap, you crazy 
Ive made beats for Jay-Z for free 
Page me, you need a beat, you Cannabis 
Then it's Dre's fee, you Kay Slay the fees waved 
I stay beefin' with JD, till the day Dre 2-ways me 
That it's okay to stop blazin' him 
Oops! I put it out, I apologize now 
It's too late G, it's on tape 
And the tape leaped, "Say What You Say" mothafucka 
Drama King, Kay Slay, mothafucka, We dictate these mixtapes mothafucka 
Xzibit blaze little gay midget cocksucka 








Artist: Tony Touch f/ Eminem 



[Eminem] 
If I'm elected for ten terms 
I'm renewing the staff after the inagural 
And hiring all girls as interns 
If I don't like you, I'll snatch you outta your mic booth 
While you're rappin and pull your right through the window and fight you 
I'll take you straight to the pavement 
Uppercut you, and scrape your face wit a bracelet 
Like a razor that shaved it 
Three drinks and I'm ready to flash
Runnin on stage in a G-string, wit a bee sting on my ass (Look!) 
It's probably all cuz I ain't awkward at all 
I just like to walk through the mall, stop, and talk to the wall 
And have a relapse after I just fought through withdrawl 



(Hop in the car little girl, I just bought you a doll) 
The Bad and Evil movement is comin 
Plus the music is pumpin like a pill freak wit a tube in his stomach 
I write a rhyme a day 
So it's no wonder how come your whole album 
Is soundin like a bunch of shit that I would say 
Whether it's one verse or one letter 
I'll probably be the cleverest one that never gets spun ever 
It's Slim Shady and Tony Touch, it's only us 
The rest of y'all are just stuck in the middle wit Monie Love 








Met a retarted kid named Greg, with a wooden leg 
Snatched it off and beat him over the head with a peg 
Go to bed with a keg, wake up with a forty 
Mix it with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44-D 
Forget an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead 
Wait until it absorbed and fell to the floor dead 
No more said case closed end of discussion 
We blowing up like spontaneous human combustion 
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and dramas 
Cross the bombest 
We blowing up your house 
Killing your parents and coming back to get your foster mommas 
I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nastradamus 
Cause I ain't making no more threats 
I'm doing drive-bys in tinted Corvettes 
On Vietnam war vets 
I am more or less sick in the head 
Maybe more 



Because I smoked crack today, yesterday, 
and the day before Sabateur 
Walk the block with a labrador 
Strapped with more straps than El Salvador 
Foul style galore 
Verbal cow manure 
Coming together like an eyebrow on Al B. Sure 




[Obie Trice:] 
Obie the person that came up introverted 
Cause of nervousness that was solely the only verdict 
It was worth it cause he changed became so observant 
Serving such of a purpose 
If you knew him earlier in his days its like a different version 
So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain 
That's why there's curtains in this murder if you gettin' worked up 
I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher 
I had enough of isolating myself in a room 
Writing poems and songs, doin' the same in school 
Now look what he became, a fool? 
Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you 
Living hard but still Juliard a god walks in but ain't spend a day in the pew 
Regardless of this I draw visual pictures when a nigga vents 
So welcome to the art department 

[Eminem:] 
I stimulate the brain, mimic, emulate the sane 
Cinic keep em' thinking its a fucking gimmick when it ain't 



Clinically insane, brain is on Venus suck Uranus 
Label me a genius if you ever seen us you would say 
He may seem as though he's plain normal 
If you ever meet him, greet him with a shake, see 
He ain't as mean as what they say 
See the thing is maybe he can't always think of things to say 
So he's vague, so they mistake him for just bein' crazed 
You part ways, your impression of him changed 
You don't think he's strange, you turn around and tell him "peace and thanks" 
Then you catch him flipping you off, with his pants down 
Hands around his scrotum, tucking his fucking penis between his legs 

[Obie Trice:] 
Obie the person that came up introverted 
Cause of nervousness that was solely the only verdict 
It was worth it cause he changed became so observant 
Serving such of a purpose 
If you knew him earlier in his days its like a different version 
So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain 
That's why there's curtains in this murder if you gettin' worked up 
I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher 
I had enough of isolating myself in a room 
Writing poems and songs, doin' the same in school 
Now look what he became, a fool? 
Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you 
Living hard but still Juliard a god walks in but ain't spend a day in the pew 
Regardless of this I draw visual pictures when a nigga vents 
So welcome to the art department 

[Eminem:] 
Its all psychologic, why am I so maniacal, 
Am I psycho or some kind of psychotic stick, 
Or am I truly psychotic, or my molecules just diabolical, 
Cause biologically I defy logic, bye golly hall me off on a trolly, probably wanna cracker, I'm back on the wacky tobacco, 
I'm a step away from crack Obie smack the shit outta me, 
I'm so slap happy man, snap me back to reality, 
Ima walking art gallery, a science museum, 
Elephantiasis of the nuts you probably die if you see em, 
I pull em out they hit the ground and probably crack the cement, 
I need an ambulance I cant just put em back in my pants

[50 Cent]
Sh-sh-sh-shady
Aftermath, haha
G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, haha

[Chorus]
Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time

[Eminem]
Get your ass up for the doctor
One more time, get your ass up for the doctor
Come on now, here we go
Cliff hanger, it's another club banger



Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat
Get on down

[Dr. Dre]
Times up, games over, you lose, I win
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means your something that we already had
But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad

[Eminem]
You're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
World-wide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin'

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
When dr. dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk
Crunk, crunk, crunk
And when 50 cent says jump, you get on one foot and jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump

[Dr. Dre]
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches

[Eminem]
We keep the party rockin' off the henges
We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus

[Dr. Dre]
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, cuz Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what)
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass

[Eminem]
Cuz we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap
Maybe raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the cape crusaders
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic
And we can play the back and forth all day
Like the hot potato game, thats why we came to

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
50 cent, come on!

[50 Cent]
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved

[Dr. Dre]
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally

[Eminem]
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week

[Dr. Dre]
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker

[Eminem]
So never say never cuz Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady)
No one could do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Yeah, haha
Still Aftermath, 2006
And don't worry about that Detox album
It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, haha
50 cent, G-unit, Obie Trice, D-twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre
We ain't leavin', let's go! haha
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace!
Oh shit, I almost forgot
You're comin' with me [gun shots]
Haha, bye bye!
See you in hell, fuckers.[50 Cent]
Sh-sh-sh-shady
Aftermath, haha
G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, haha

[Chorus]
Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time

[Eminem]
Get your ass up for the doctor
One more time, get your ass up for the doctor
Come on now, here we go
Cliff hanger, it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat
Get on down

[Dr. Dre]
Times up, games over, you lose, I win
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means your something that we already had
But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad

[Eminem]
You're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
World-wide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin'

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
When dr. dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk
Crunk, crunk, crunk
And when 50 cent says jump, you get on one foot and jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump

[Dr. Dre]
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches

[Eminem]
We keep the party rockin' off the henges
We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus

[Dr. Dre]
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, cuz Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what)
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass

[Eminem]
Cuz we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap
Maybe raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the cape crusaders
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic
And we can play the back and forth all day
Like the hot potato game, thats why we came to

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
50 cent, come on!

[50 Cent]
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved

[Dr. Dre]
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally

[Eminem]
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week

[Dr. Dre]
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker

[Eminem]
So never say never cuz Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady)
No one could do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Yeah, haha
Still Aftermath, 2006
And don't worry about that Detox album
It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, haha
50 cent, G-unit, Obie Trice, D-twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre
We ain't leavin', let's go! haha
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace!
Oh shit, I almost forgot
You're comin' with me [gun shots]
Haha, bye bye!
See you in hell, fuckers.[50 Cent]
Sh-sh-sh-shady
Aftermath, haha
G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, haha

[Chorus]
Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time

[Eminem]
Get your ass up for the doctor
One more time, get your ass up for the doctor
Come on now, here we go
Cliff hanger, it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat
Get on down

[Dr. Dre]
Times up, games over, you lose, I win
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means your something that we already had
But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad


[Eminem]
You're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
World-wide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin'

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
When dr. dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk
Crunk, crunk, crunk
And when 50 cent says jump, you get on one foot and jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump

[Dr. Dre]
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches

[Eminem]
We keep the party rockin' off the henges
We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus

[Dr. Dre]
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, cuz Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what)
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass

[Eminem]
Cuz we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap
Maybe raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the cape crusaders
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic
And we can play the back and forth all day
Like the hot potato game, thats why we came to

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
50 cent, come on!

[50 Cent]
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved

[Dr. Dre]
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally

[Eminem]
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week

[Dr. Dre]
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker

[Eminem]
So never say never cuz Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady)
No one could do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Yeah, haha
Still Aftermath, 2006
And don't worry about that Detox album
It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, haha
50 cent, G-unit, Obie Trice, D-twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre
We ain't leavin', let's go! haha
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace!
Oh shit, I almost forgot
You're comin' with me [gun shots]
Haha, bye bye!
See you in hell, fuckers.[50 Cent]
Sh-sh-sh-shady
Aftermath, haha
G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, haha

[Chorus]
Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time

[Eminem]
Get your ass up for the doctor
One more time, get your ass up for the doctor
Come on now, here we go
Cliff hanger, it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat
Get on down

[Dr. Dre]
Times up, games over, you lose, I win
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means your something that we already had
But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad

[Eminem]
You're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
World-wide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin'

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
When dr. dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk
Crunk, crunk, crunk
And when 50 cent says jump, you get on one foot and jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump

[Dr. Dre]
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches

[Eminem]
We keep the party rockin' off the henges
We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus

[Dr. Dre]
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, cuz Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what)
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass

[Eminem]
Cuz we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap
Maybe raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the cape crusaders
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic
And we can play the back and forth all day
Like the hot potato game, thats why we came to

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
50 cent, come on!

[50 Cent]
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved

[Dr. Dre]
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally

[Eminem]
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week

[Dr. Dre]
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker

[Eminem]
So never say never cuz Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady)
No one could do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Yeah, haha
Still Aftermath, 2006
And don't worry about that Detox album
It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, haha
50 cent, G-unit, Obie Trice, D-twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre
We ain't leavin', let's go! haha
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace!
Oh shit, I almost forgot
You're comin' with me [gun shots]
Haha, bye bye!
See you in hell, fuckers.



[50 cent] 
Sh-sh-sh-shady 
Aftermath, haha 
G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, haha 

[Chorus] 
Cuz we came here to set this party off right 
Let's bounce tonight 
And if they don't let us in through the front 
We'll come through the side 
Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without 
At least saying goodbye 
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
Swing one last time 

[Eminem] 
Get your ass up for the doctor 
One more time, get your ass up for the doctor 



Come on now, here we go 
Cliff hanger, it's another club banger 
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat 
Get on down 

[Dr. Dre] 
Times up, games over, you lose, I win 
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here 
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin 
Look who's got you goin' crazy again 
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in 
I go out and just come back full circle again 
You a fad, that means your something that we already had 
But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad 

[Eminem] 
You're off the map now, radar can't even find you 
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you 
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you 
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you 
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin' 
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention 
Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond 
World-wide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin' 

[Chorus] 

[Eminem] 
When dr. dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk 
Crunk, crunk, crunk 
And when 50 cent says jump, you get on one foot and jump 
Jump, jump, jump, jump 

[Dr. Dre] 
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it 
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches 

[Eminem] 
We keep the party rockin' off the henges 
We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus 

[Dr. Dre] 
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk 
Doc is all washed up, knock it off 
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'? 
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression 
You must be on the cock of Doc, cuz Doc left you all guessin' 
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what) 
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump) 
That's why we always save the best cut last 
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass 

[Eminem] 
Cuz we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators 
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers 
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap 
Maybe raised to be racist 
Who may have never got to see our faces 
Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages 
Broke down barriers of language and races 
Just call on the cape crusaders 
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic 
And we can play the back and forth all day 
Like the hot potato game, thats why we came to 

[Chorus] 

[Eminem] 
50 cent, come on! 

[50 Cent] 
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do 
We make the club jump everywhere we go 
It's no secret, everybody know 
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved 

[Dr. Dre] 
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees 
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's 
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally 

[Eminem] 
Hands up for the grand finale 
Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak 
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week 

[Dr. Dre] 
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to 
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker 

[Eminem] 
So nervous, ain't never cuz Shady Aftermath together 
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady) 
No one could do it better 
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh 

[Chorus] 

[Eminem] 
Yeah, haha 
Still Aftermath, 2006 
And don't worry about that Detox album 
It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, haha 
50 cent, G-unit, Obie Trice, D-twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre 
We ain't leavin', let's go! haha 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace! 
Oh shit, I almost forgot 
You're comin' with me (gun shots) 
Haha, bye bye! 
See you in hell, fuckers. 





Pussies 
[More tired gunfire- scary!] 
Fall in and get quoted yall 
Yeah 
It's Cashis 
Welcome to the Shady game 
G's up 

Obie went plat 
He back with another classic 
50 went Diamond 
Smashed twice bastards 
D-12 multi back to back 
Eminem the hardest sellin artist in rap 
Stat quo the mixtape messiah 
In the phantom 
About to run the A 
When we drop stanlanta 
Bobby Creek 



You know his motherfuckin' name nigga 
Bobby Creek 
He ain't no motherfuckin' name nigga 
I'm Cashis 
Mixtape was a classic 
Ep is a classic 
LP is that shit 
Dark park 
Money and all 
But much more 
Told me go all out 
Serve em all homeboy 
I'm a west nigga 
A midwest nigga 
I'm the best nigga 
Cause we the best niggas 
From street team to GM 
To BP 
This ain't a crime family 
This rap family is a dream team 

[Somebody who sounds like he's holding his nose] 
We took a break for a minute 
And now we bangin' 
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin' 
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin' 
From 06 through in... 
Everything is shady's 
We took a break for a minute 
And now we bangin' 
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin' 
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin' 
From 06 through in... 
Everything is shady's 

Kill the cash hard 
Bout to smash frauds 
Puttin' fast broads 
Through the windport 
I can handle narcs 
When the candle sparks 
You hit the ground 
And I snatch the bandana 
We ridin' out 
It's shady game nigga 
Hope ya bulletproof 
Fuck lame nigga 
Know who I'm talkin' to 
Glad ya man did 
You bout to get it too 
Rest with your fam man 
This a cold game 
Played by the coldest man 
Everything ya see 
The 7 4 k 
Sell the of cocaine 
I'm a dopeman 
Plus I'm holdin' weight 
Cause I'm the dope man 
A west coast gangsta 
Chi-town gold 
Interstate runner 
Watch me drive a brick through 
And we ain't backin' down 
Way past rappin' now 
Right before my album drop 
My homeboys'll clap you down 

[Somebody who sounds like he's holding his nose] 
We took a break for a minute 
And now we bangin' 
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin' 
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin' 
From 06 through in... 
Everything is shady's 
We took a break for a minute 
And now we bangin' 
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin' 
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin' 
From 06 through in... 
Everything is shady's 

A born winner 
Similar to familiar 
County hound comin' to burn your whole city up 
I catch ya up in the club 
Empty the 5th on ya 
You all know it's pussy 
By Vivica 
I'm the realest nigga 
Ya wanna mob with me 
If you a dealer nigga 
You can get blocks from me 
I hand rocks and jeans 
The cream 
Glocks and things 
To mark seven 
Throw 6 
Got with the team 
Now I'm on the scene 
Reachin' out 
Bein' a celebrity bring me more bitches 
In a position to watch by more nitches 
And place at the end of the plots 
I hold niggas 
Figures 
Urban peaces, greases 
Last week to the point a police was shot 
And if niggas wanna know what I been bout lately 
Nigga take it how ya want it 
Rap with Shady 

[Somebody who sounds like he's holding his nose] 
We took a break for a minute 
And now we bangin' 
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin' 
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin' 
From 06 through in... 
Everything is shady's 
We took a break for a minute 
And now we bangin' 
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin' 
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin' 
From 06 through in... 
Everything is shady's 

Everything is Shady's 
Up from the west coast 
And the midwest 
Cashis 
Boast boy 
Block boys 
We pioneerin' this 
In the race to be legends 
Cash 
Tie die 







Father please forgive me for i know not what i do 
i just never had the chance to ever meet you 
therefore i did not know that I would grow to be 
my mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds... 
(1st verse) mama had a baby and its head popped off 
(head popped off 5x) 
But mama don't want me the next thing i know I'm gettin dropped off
(getting dropped off 4x) 
Ring, ring, ring on the doorbell of the next door neighbors on their front porch 
(their front porch 4x) 
But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone else's lawn 
(else's lawn 3x) 
Til someone finally took me in my great aunt and uncle Edna and Charles 
(Edna and Charles 4x) 
They were the ones who were left in charge 
My elementary they'd gang up on me and sing this song 
(sing this song 4x) 
it went a little something like 



Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb, little lamb 
Debbie had a satan spawn satan spawn 
mama why do they keep saying this i just don't understand understand 
and by the way where's my dad? 
(chorus) 
father please forgive me for i know not what i do 
i just never had the chance to ever meet you 
therefore i did not know that i would grow to be 
my mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds... 
(2nd verse) 
predominately, predominately, everythings always predominately 
predominately-white, predominately-black well what about me? 
where does that leave me? well i gues that i'm between predominately both of em' 
i think if I hear that fuckin word again I'ma scream 
while I'm projectile vomiting. What do I look like a comedian to you? 
do you think that I'm kidding? What do I look like some kinda idiâ€à‚Â¦ 
wait a minute shit, don't answer that 
why am I so misunderstood? Why do I go through so much bullshit it's such bullshit it's tush mull bish
woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again 
whining about his millions and his mansion and his sorrow he's always drowning in 
and the dad that he never had ,and how his childhood was so bad 
and how his mom was a dope addict and his ex-wife how they go at it 
man id hate to have it as bad as that Mr. Mathers 
claims he had it, I can't imagine it 
that little rich poor white bastard needs to take some of that cash out of the bank and take a bath in it 
man if I only had half of it, shit if you only knew the half of itâ€à‚Â¦ 
(chorus) 
father please forgive me for I know not what I do 
I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
my mothers evil seed and do these evil deedsâ€à‚Â¦ 
(3rd verse) 
evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds 
please release me from these demons u never had any of this shit planned mom please believe 
I don't wanna be satans spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry 
now look at all the pain I caused 
dear santa-clause why are you not coming this year again 
what did I do that was so bad to deserve this? Everything could have been so perfect but life ain't a fairy tale. I'm about to be hoisted up in the air 
forty feet below me there's people everywhere 
I don't even know but who feel like they know me cause I'm in this ferris wheel 
and all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Halie on the carousel 
without this crowd everywhere I go 
but life is like a merry go round 
here we go now do-si-do now curtains up the show must go on now 
ring-around-the-rosie the show's over you can all go home now 
but the curtain just don't close for me 
this aint how fame was supposed to be 
where's the switch I can just turn off-and-on this ain't what I chose to be 
so please god give me the strength 
to have what it takes to carry on 
til I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone 
(chorus) 
father please forgive me for I know not what I do 
I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
my mothers evil seed and do these evil deedsâ€à‚Â¦ 




Yeah, trying to figure out the difference 
But I think.. I think the lines are starting to get blurry 

I'm in a strange place 
I feel like Mase when he gave up the game for his faith 
I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints 
Grinning every stranger in the place while I gaze into space 
Cause I'm mentally rearranging his face 
I need a change of pace cause the pace I'm working at is dangerous 
There's nowhere to dump this anger and thanks to this angst 
I done quit chicken heads in cold turkey and started slowly roasting 'em 
Cause that's where most of my anger is based 
Fuck your feelings, I feel like I play for the Saints 
I just want to hurt you, aim for the skanks 
Then aim for all these fake Kanye's, Jay's, Wayne's and the Drake's 
I'm frustrated cause ain't no more N'Sync, now I'm all out of wack 
I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack 
I'm going all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is 
I'm strapped for battles, suck a duck, crawl out the back, bar fight 
Prepare your arsenal and beware of bar stools flying through the air 



And bottles breaking, mirrors also 
And I ain't stopping 'til the swear jar's full 
You done called every woman a slut, but you forgetting Sarah, Marshall (Palin!) 
Oh my bad, slut 
And next time I show up in court I'll be naked and square a lawsuit 
Judge be like "that's sharp, how much that motherfucker cost you? 
Smart ass, you lucky I don't tear it off you 
And jmp your bones, you sexy motherfucker 
You so fucking gravy, Marshall, I should start calling you au jus 
Cause all you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo 
Evil twin, take this beat now, it's on you'' 
I believe people can change, but only for the worse 
I could've changed the world if it wasn't for this verse 
So satanic K-Mart chains panic 
Cause they can't even spin back the curse words 
Cause they're worse when they're reversed, motherfucker 
(I fuck em - rape your mother) 
And these kids are like parrots 
They run around the house just like terrorists 
Screaming "fuck, shit, fuck" 
Adult with a childish like arrogance 
Wild ever since the day I came out I was like "merits, fuck that" 
I'd rather be loud and I like swearing 
From the first album even the gals were like "tight lyrics, dreamy eyes" 
But my fucking mouth was nightmare-ish 
And from the start of it you felt like you were a part of this 
And the opposition felt the opposite 
Sometimes I listen and revisit them old albums 
Often as I can and skim through all them bitches 
To make sure I keep up with my competition 
Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes 
Borderline genius who's bored of his lines 
And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now 
Feel like I might just strike first and ignore the replies 

This darkness comes in me 
(Evil twin) 
And comes again 
That ain't me 
He's just a friend who pops up now and again 
So don't blame me, blame him 
I step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin 

Welcome back to the land of the living, my friend 
You have slept for quite some time

So who's left? Lady Gaga? Messed with the Bieber 
Nah, F with Christina, I ain't fucking with either Jessica neither 
Simpson or Alba, my albums just sicker than struck with the fever 
Get the cloriseptic Excedrin aleve or extra strength Tylenol 3’s 
Feel like I'm burning to death, but I'm freezin' 
Bed ridden and destined to never leave the 
Bedroom ever again like the legend of Heather Ledger 
My suicide notes, barely legible read the 
Bottom, it's signed by The Joker 
Lorena said I never can leave her 
She'd sever my wiener I ever deceive her 
Fuck that shit, bitch 
Give up my dick for pussy, I'd be Jerry Mathers 
I'ever left it at beaver 
Get them titties cut off trying to mess with the cleaver 
Golly-wally, I bet he registered Jesus 
Ever since 1-9-9-4-6 Dresden it was definite lean 
My destiny went on the steps, I met Deshaun at Osborn 
I'd never make it to sophomore 
I just wanted to skip school and rap, used to mop floors 
Flip burgers and wash dishes, but I wrote rhymes trying to get props for 'em 
Cause I took book-smarts and swapped for 'em 
They was sleeping, I made them stop snorin' 
Made them break out the popcorn 
Now I've been hip hop in its tip top form 
Since N.W.A. was blaring through my car windows leaning on the horn 
Screaming ''fuck the police'' like cop porn 
Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped corn 
Fuck top 5, bitch, I'm top 4 
ANd that includes Biggie and Pac, whore 
And I got an evil twin, so who do you think that's 3rd and that 4th spot's for? 
And as crazy as I am I'm much tamer than him 
And I'm nuts, then again who the fuck wants a plain Eminem? 
But no one's insaner than Slim, look at that evil grin (evil twin) 
Please come in, what was your name again? 
Hi, faggot 
Look who's back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there 
Two rabbits, a koala bear and a ball of hair 
And you're all aware I ain't got it all upstairs 
Guess that's why I'm an addict and it's just small up there 
Peace to Whitney, geez, just hit me
That I should call the looney police to come get me 
Cause I'm so sick of being the truth I wish somebody finally admit me 
Into a mental hospital with Britney
Oh, LMFAO, no way, ho 
Jose Baez couldn't beat this rap, OJ no 
Hooray, I'm off the hook like Casey Anthony 
Hey ho, hey ho 
I sound like I'm trying to sing the fucking chorus to hip hop hooray 
No I’m hollering you got bottom-end like an 808 
And a [bass] whether we’re fucking off that instead of your face, so 
Let the low end raise, yo 
Tango, what you think, ho? 
Slow dancing or bowling 
You trying to hold hands with your homie? 
What? You think I'm looking for romance cause I'm lonely? 
Change that tune, you ain't got remote chance to control me 
Ho, I'm only vulnerable when I got a boner 
Superman tried to fuck me over, it won't hurt 
Don't try to fix me, I'm broke so I don't work 
So are you, but you're broke cause you don't work 
But all bullshit aside I hit a stride 
Still Shady inside, hair every bit is dyed 
As it used to be when I first introduced y'all to my skittish side 
And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize 
Cause we are the same, bitch

Ahh, Ahhh, Aahaaah (oh god damn!) 
I'm gonna fackin cum! (oh shit!) 
Faack fack faaaaaaack (fuck I am!) 
I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!) 

(Ohh yeahh god) I never seen no shit like this, 
this bitch can twist like a damn contortionist 
condom on my dick of course it is, 
this bitch don't know what abortion is 
so I can't cum in her, 
fucks like a porn star, looks like Jenna, 
fack I'm gonna, cum 
I think my rubbers comin' off, 
but oh its so fuckin wet and soft, 
fuck, i'm gonna start lettin' off 
i'm spurting and she's not gettin' off, 
and shes on top 
im gonna facking, ohh god, 
oh don't do that dont, stop, 
stop don't, I don't mean don't stop,



oww wait a minute 
oh oh fuck I...I'm gonna fackin cum! *squirt squirt squirt* 

Ahh Ahhh Ahhahhhh (oh god damn!) 
I'm gonna fackin' cum! (oh shit!) 
Fack fack faaaack (fack I am!) 
I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!) 

Oooh wow, boom that pow ooh ow I need a cigarette now! 
Ow i'm so fuckin' hot, 
and you're soo fuckin' hot, 
oh my god, 
I wanna fackin' fack 
no not fuck, I said fack, 
f-a-c-k, f-a-c-k, fack, fack fack fackin' freak me! 
Ohh yeah girl see baby they call me Mr Freaky, 
lets call your sister, 3-way have some 3-some me so hoooaney! 
And you're such a fuckin' babe I wanna go down on you, fack you shaved! 
Ohh god damn here I go again, I'm gonna cum I am. 

Ahhh Ahhh Ahhhahh (oh god damn!) 
I'm gonna fackin' cum! (oh shit!) 
Fack fack faaaaack (fack I am!) 
I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!) 

*Distortioned Mumbling* 
The bed is vibrating 
eheheheh 
The bed is vibrating 
eheheheh 
The bed is vibrating 
eheheheh 
The bed is vibrating 
eheh *lips flap* 


Ok I'm done, 
I already came twice, 
you ain't gonna make me cum, 
I'm all outta gas, 
Not so fast! Uh *fart* your finger just went in my ass! 
Ow that hurts! Take it out now 
Ohh wait a minute nooo put it back in, in in in 
this don't mean I'm gay I don't like men 
I like boobs, boobs, boobs 
Now see that gerbil, grab that tube, 
shove it up my butt,*rubberry noise* 
let that little rascal nibble on my asshole, uhh, yeah, right there, right there, 
Ahhh I'm cumming ohhh yeaaah, 
fack, I just came again, okay pull it out now,ehh 
ohh fuck yeah, wait he's not out hes still crawling around up there, 
ow fuck 
I think it's stuck 
oww but it feels so fucking good! 

Aaah Aaah Aaahhaahh (oh god damn!) 
I'm gonna fackin' cum! (oh shit!) 
Fack fack faaaaaaaaack (fack I am!)
I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!) 

Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! 
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! 
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! 
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! 
Ew ew ew ew

Ahh, Ahhh, Aahaaah (oh putain!) 
Je vais jouir putain! (oh merde!) 
Baisay baisay baisaaayy (fack I am!) 
Je, Je vais jouir (Je vais jouir!) 

Je n'ai jamais vu un truc pareil 
Cette bitch peut se tortiller comme une putain de contorsionniste 
Préservatif sur ma bite...bien sur 
Cette bitch ne se fera pas avorter 
Alors je ne peux pas jouir en elle 
Elle baise comme une star du porno, elle ressemble a Jenna 
Putain je vais 
Jouir, je crois que ma capote s'enlève 
Mais c'est si humide et si doux 
Putain je vais commencer à exploser 
Je gicle et elle n'est pas partit 
Et elle est au dessus 
Je vais putain mon dieu 
Oh ne fais pas ca...n'arretes pas 
Arrêtes ne fais pas...je ne veux pas dire n’arrêtes pas 



Ouch attends une minute ouch, ouch, oh putain je vais jouir! 

Ahh, Ahhh, Aahaaah (oh putain!) 
Je vais jouir putain! (oh merde!) 
Baisay baisay baisaaayy (fack I am!) 
Je, Je vais jouir (Je vais jouir!) 

Ohh, wow, boom la jambe v'lan, oh ouch, j'ai envie d'une clope maintenant 
Ouch j suis si chaud 
Et tu es si chaude 
Oh mon dieu 
J'ai envie de baisay 
Non pas baiser, j'ai dit baisay 
b-a-i-s-a-y, b-a-i-s-a-y, baisay baisay baisay baisay...fais moi perdre la tête 
Oh oui girl, tu vois babe on m'appelle Mr. Bizarre 
Vas y appelles ta soeur, a trois, faisons un truc a trois j'suis si excité 
Et t'es une putain d'babe, je veux te lécher, putain tu t'es épilée 
Oh zut, ca recommence, je vais jouir, je jouis 

Ahh, Ahhh, Aahaaah (oh putain!) 
Je vais jouir putain! (oh merde!) 
Baisay baisay baisaaayy (fack I am!) 
Je, je vais jouir (Je vais jouir!) 

Okay c'est bon 
J'ai deja jouis 2 fois 
Tu ne vas plus me faire jouir 
Je suis vidé 
Pas si vide, Uhhh ton doigt vient d'entrer dans mon cul 
Ouch ca fait mal, sors le maintenant 
Ohhh, attends une minute, oww remets le dedans, dedans dedans dedans 
Ca ne veut pas dire que je suis gay, je n'aime pas les hommes 
J'aime les seins, seins, seins 
Maintenant tu vois cette gerbille, prends ce tube 
Enfonces le dans mes fesses 
Laisses cette polissonne mordiller mon trou du cul, oohhh oui juste ici, juste ici 
Oohh je jouis, oh oui 
Putain je viens de jouir encore, okay enlève la maintenant 
Oh putain ouais 
Attends elle n'et pas sortit..elle est toujours en train de ramper la dedans 
Oh putain je crois qu 'elle est coincée 
Ohhh mais c'est tellement bon putain 

Ahh, Ahhh, Aahaaah (oh putain!) 
Je vais jouir putain! (oh merde!) 
Baisay baisay baisaaayy (fack I am!) 
Je, Je vais jouir (Je vais jouir!) 

Prends une gerbille dans un tube et fourres- la dans ton cul 
Prends une gerbille dans un tube et fourres- la dans ton cul 
Prends une gerbille dans un tube et fourres- la dans ton cul 
Prends une gerbille dans un tube et fourres- la dans ton cul 
Ew ew ew ew

In Love I just wanna hold my baby high above 
I want this hand in its rightful glove 
have people saying god damn shes fine 
me responding with damn right shes mine 
Even though your gone, I try and carry on 
Its sad but its true, me and you 
were through 
but people still think they know us and they dont know shit 
but i want you to know im sorry and i still love you britt 
but now ive come to see, our destiny will never fit 
and thats why now i look back being once lost then found 
Its getting tougher with you not around 
your the only thing that got me to smile 
i guess our love was a truthful denile 
sometimes i remenice at what we had 
not knowin i was causing my baby to be sad 
I never once tried to cause you this pain 
its crazy how one person can make u go insane 
Ill admit me and you we had our bad times 
we fought, yea but people act like its a fuckin crime 



no couples perfect, everyone faces bullshit 
all i ever tried was to show you i loved you britt 
but its sad cause the image i portray the pieces dont fit 
All this time how could it be, my destiny will never be you and me 
But i wish people could see, how much im so crazy 
in love with you, its true i wish it was still me and you 
doin what we use to do, i wish they really knew 
and i wish theyd know id never let anything bad happend to you 
i got your back to the fullest, baby nems one to stay truest 
but times were tough, and shit got rough 
every other day same shit breakin up and we fought 
But just know britt my rhymes are true 
Britt please know ill forever Love you 
It just sucks cause theres a few out there that got Nems back 
people always tellin me get your fuckin life on track 
But in order to do that i need you back 
and thats why you dont know what you got till its gone 
Im so sorry that our love was always off and on.... 







Fight Music Lyrics 

[Chorus: Eminem] 
This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit 
Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it 
It's just some shit, for these kids, to trash they rooms with 
Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit 
The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it 
You just know - that's the new shit
The type of shit that causes mass confusion 
and drastic movement of people actin stupid 

[Kon Artis] 
I come to every club with intention to do harm 
With a prosthetic arm and smellin like Boone's Farm 
Hidin under tables as soon as I hear alarms 
Paranoid thief that'll steal from his own moms 
Connivin Kon, Artis with a bomb 



Strapped to my stomach screamin, "Let's get it on!" 
A lush that love to drink, drunk drivin a tank 
Rollin over a bank, cops see me and faint 
It's drastic, I'm past my limit of coke 
I think I'll up my high by slittin your throat 
Push your baby carriage into the street, 'til it's mince meat 
Your mens been beat the minute I step onto your street 
This is fight music! 

[Bizarre] 
You know why my hands are so numb? (No) 
Cause my grandmother sucked my dick and I didn't come (oh) 
Smacked this whore for talkin crap (bitch) 
So what if she's handicapped, the bitch said Bizarre couldn't rap 
I fuckin hate you; I'll take your drawers down and rape you 
While Dr. Dre videotapes you (hell yeah!) 
Satan done got me on this song 
Eatin a hot dog readin the Holy Qu'ran, while I'm on the john 
Tired of wearin this yellow thong 
Take it back Sisqo, you know where it belongs (thong th-thong thong) 
Now here's a gun, I'll put it in your palm 
Now go over there and blow up Dru Hill's arms 
Fuck your love songs 

[Chorus] 

[Proof] 
Just bring who you gon' bring on, who you gon' swing on? 
I'm King Kong, guns blow you to king-dom come 
Show you machine gun funk 
Sixteen m-16's and one pump [click-clack] 
The snub in my paw, shove it in your jaw 
Have you runnin out this fuckin club in your drawers 
We lovin the broads, there's nothin to applaud 
But fuck it it's all good, the hood is up in The Source 
It's fight music 

[Swifty McVay] 
I'm a nigga that loves scuffles 
And won't hesitate to sock you again for swollen knuckles 
I'm like that, catch a nigga like bear traps 
Blow his head back right in front of the priest sayin, "You hear that?" 
I slap your freak, bump you and won't speak 
If you step on my feet, you get drowned in your own drink 
I suffocated my shrink just for talkin 
Came back and fucked up his pallbearers and made 'em drop his coffin 
It's fight music! 

[Kuniva] 
These beads I'm swingin is stingin 'em 
See all these niggaz? When I step in the club, I'm bringin 'em 
If any nigga lookin too hard, we Rodney King'n 'em 
Malice green to them and gasolinin 'em with premium 
Light a cigarette, flick it at 'em or spit it at 'em 
Hold up a picture of his family and kick it at him 
Blast while you right hookin, right when your wife's lookin 
Fuck fight music, bitch this is losin your life music! 

[Eminem] 
If I could capture the rage of today's youth and bottle it 
Crush the glass from my bare hands and swallow it 
Then spit it back in the faces of you racists 
and hypocrites who think the same shit but don't say shit 
You Liberace's, Versace's, and you nazis 
Watch me, cause you thinkin you got me in this hot seat 
You motherfuckers wanna JUDGE me cause you're NOT me 
You'll never STOP me, I'm TOP speed as you POP me 
I came to save these new generations of babies 
from parents who failed to raise 'em cause they're lazy 
to grow to praise me I'm makin 'em go crazy 
That's how I got this whole nation to embrace me 
And you fugazi if you think I'ma admit wrong 
I cripple any hypocritic critic I'm sic'd on 
And this song is for any kid who gets picked on 
A sick song to retaliate to, and it's called.. 

[Chorus] 

It's fight music! 






*People chanting eminem* 
*Paper folding/tearing* 
*Footsteps* 
*Door open and slam shut* 

*More footsteps* 
*Gun reloading* 

[Once] 
Almost forgot 
You're comin' wit me' 

[Repeat x4] 
Let's go baby 
Let's go 

*sigh noise* 







Another day, another hotel, the inside of it's nice though 
Oh well, this is my life so as I go and try to close for the nights show 
See how far that line goes, still blows my mind, show business 
Guess I'll never get some of this shit just always feels so weird 
To this day cause all I ever did 
Was just say the shit I would've wanted to hear 
Other people say to me when I was a kid 
So please don't make me some type of hero 
Cause I will say some inspirational shit in a real way but will still have a field day 
With some of the fucked up shit in the world and tell it to sucking a dick 
Cause I still make fun of a situation 
Someone's in like a son of a bitch at anothers expense 
I'm fuckin' relentless as fuck when it comes to this pen 
I struggle with coming to senses 
Stuck on the fence on a balance beam if I seem unbalanced 
It's challenging but my conscience allows me to think 
The most foulish childish things without even blinking 
Without even thinkin' about, all the stinkin' amounts of people that seem to be reachin' in the crowds 
I'm scream in the palace, sold out this evening 
But now it's, maybe down to sleeping 



Is it really my soul to keep or 
Have I sold it cheap is it greed 
Do I take more than I need 
When I joke of leavin' 
But keep over achievin' 
Cause what it's stole from me I've barely broken even 

It's a fine, fine line 
It's a fine, fine line 

So I notice how I paint myself 
And through my hair when ordeals I'm so vain 
I want my respect but ignore the 
Butterfly effect that comes from my dialect 
Till I, sit in the dark and I reflect 
And my reflection shows what it's like here 
Cause this vanity, surrounded by all these lights, yeah 
It's like a nightmare 
I said, this vanity surrounded by these lights is a nightmare 
And I don't like how I see myself, so I open the Bible to Isaiah 
Cause I swear to Christ there are nights where I stay up at night 
And say a prayer twice just to make sure God hears cause this ice layer 
I skate on's a nice way of putting it but I like stands 
Feistier then a triceritops and like a dice player 
I got a nice paradise here, sealed off in my lair 
Away from the bullshit good safe place to sit and talk shit 
From this house it's quite big, but it ain't when you can't leave it 
And I feel so isolated, nice I made it 
But it's like I paid the price of fame twice, I hate it 
So I bitch about my life then make another song, it's a cycle ain't it 
Then I wonder why I'm still famous 
I keep walkin' the line 
This gold fish poke it's old 
But especially when you don't know 
If your conscience is sayin' I told you so 
Cause you don't even know anymore if you got the soul of a soldier 
Or you sold your soul 

It's a fine, fine line 
It's a fine, fine line 

And from here you look so small 
Hovering high above us all 
Please come back, to me 

I still remember the times when 
They were simpler than the rhymes of 
Vanilla Ice were when I was just killin' the mics 
I'll never forget what that feeling was like 
I miss those times now when I was just starting out 
Without a dime and, now I'm diamond 
I can't even stage dive in the crowd anymore now when I've been 
Stuck in this house hibernatin' 
Hate even going outside it 
Sucks, sometimes I just wanna walk in Target and look at shit Browse, I don't even want to buy nothin' 
I just wanna fuckin' walk around inside it 
Look how excited I sound when I get to talkin' bout life and 
Everything about it I miss, which now reminds me 
Put a thousand lighters in the sky for the Outsidaz 
Wow, I must have had Alzheimers 
Long time since I shouted them out, bout time 
Cause it's been on my mind lately how 
Zee, you always supported me 
You vouched, I will never forget that and 
How you guys, accepted me for me and Pace 
I love you too, you slept on my couch 
And I been thinkin' 'bout the time when I slept on the floor at the outhouse 
Rhyming's all we ever wanted to do 
And regardless how life has turned out 
Inside I'm, I'll always be an outsider 
My life has been turned inside out but I 

It's a fine, fine line 
It's a fine, fine line 


[Refrain: Just Blaze] 
Some people ask me, where I’ve been lately 
They thought I fell off, nobody could save me 
I play in the background, I don’t back down 
So don’t get it twisted, tryna play me 
First I come out, they underate me 
Then I come back, still try to fade me 
They say I’m nasty, say I’m crazy 
Ask what I think, I say maybe 
I fly away 
It ain’t nothin’ in my way so I may aswell fly away 
It ain’t nothin’ else to say so I may aswell fly away 
I know you wanna see me down but we aint gon die today 
Cos I’ve been to the top and there’s nowhere else to go 
The only way to see me is if you lookin’ up from down below 
And there’s nothin’ else to say so I may aswell fly away 
And there’s nothin’ in my way so I may aswell fly away 
I’m on top of this thing so i may aswell fly away 

[Eminem] 



Got my self esteem back, got my confidence up 
I’ma step up on the stage now, I’m gonna strut 
And walk around with my pants hanging over my butt 
And you aint gotta tell me notin’ boy, get off of my nuts 
It goes one for the money, two for the show 
My shit don’t stink, I dont think so 
Wipe my ass with a tissue and roll it back up in a roll 
Are you ready now, here we go 
The bald eagle has landed 
I’m back in ya hair, sorry for leavin’ you stranded 
Im twice as dread and evil and rancid 
They cant sit, I don’t think anybody understands it 
Especially when the Worlds silly putty in ya hands, its playdough 
I aint got to play though, they say I died in a fatal 
Car crash, shows what they know 
Shit if I did, it’d be a trailer not a car 
The white trash star 
I fuckin RV up like Brett Favre 
Homie you got it backwards, your dippin your soup inside ya crackers
I can carry rap til my back hurts 
Set it down go right back to the Chiropractors 
Get my back right 
Now I’m right back on you bastards 
I was chasin’ the dragon, I dont know what happened 
It was like the feelin’ I had when I first started rappin’ 
I just could’nt seem to get back and recapture that magic 
So I went back to the lab, thats where I’ve been at when... 

[refrain Just Blaze] 
Some people ask me, where I’ve been lately 
They thought I fell off, nobody could save me 
I play in the background, I don’t back down 
So don’t get it twisted, tryna play me 
First I come out, they underate me 
Then I come back, still try to fade me 
They say I’m nasty, say I’m crazy 
Ask what I think, I say maybe 
I fly away 
It ain’t nothin’ in my way so I may aswell fly away 
It ain’t nothin’ else to say so I may aswell fly away 

[Eminem] 
I took a hiatus haters now I’m back to cause trouble 
Got the fucking shape of mushroom clouds for thought bubbles 
Im the *bang* you aint fuckin sick 
The hospital won’t even give you cough drops for course cocksucker 
You think your hot, you aint even luke warm 
My pubes hotter than you 
Your soft I use fire to cool me off 
I told em I’ll grow up one day and show ‘em I’d be able to choke clouds 
Pick up lightenin’ bolts and throw ‘em 
Take the world by storm with these words I form 
Georgie porgie kissed the girls, make the girls cry for em 
Make ‘em swarm, make ‘em fight over the shirts I’ve worn 
Sworn over my sweat towels, its mind blowin 
Yes Im livin’ the dream homie, cant nothin’ compare 
I’m so up, I’m stuck in mid air I’m lovin’ it yeah 
Its like these people are steps now, all they do is stare 
These haters is so pussy they’re afraid to be scared 
This is pay back, like I owe ‘em back pay 
They spat in my face, now I’m back to do them the same exact way 
And leave this rap game with a bad taste, 
And slap it back out, before I step back out of this crap thanks 
Slap me now I’m slapping ‘em back hey! fuck it we’ll slap back 
But yeh okay now we’ll talk cause I’m smack ay 
And I aint looking back infact they can stare at my ass crack 
How’s that for hindsight, what the track say? 

[refrain Just Blaze]


Intro: (scratches) 
(Eminem)- "Shady!" 
(Eminem)- "that's me" 
(Mr. Eon)- "Iron Mic Trilogy" 
(Erik Sermon)- "back...with the flyest material" 
(Eminem)- "Sh....Sh....Shady!" 
(Eminem)- "that...that.....that's me" 
(Mr. Eon)- "Iron Mic Trilogy" 
(Erik Sermon)- "back with the...funky...beats" 

Mr. Eon: 
Packing the third eye rush you it's cyclopse 
They trade in their high tops for night sized Withe rocks 
Words in my right, they pass my left ear 
It's solid decked out write the books for next year 
Bear this grenade you got stuck like virgin 
Who that cat splurgin' instead or rehearsin? 
Tough guy, dj travi your high rise 
Looking more like ronald then the fuckin fry guys 



Go on uptown fucking senoritas 
In Taco Bell screaming "vivas gorditas!" 
Bring all your dogs i give em rabies 
They never had a chance i might chew up all their babies 
(Eminem: waaah!) 
Pope John Paul the second, brain like satan 
Have your beaten girlfriend cooking up bacon 
I'm obituite with that shit that you hit 
Slow my flick with ya cause mine to pick wit her 

Eminem: 
My nine is limpin ya six deep when i spray rounds 
Hit you with 12 shots in mid air and four more on the way down 
The eight straight strays to a kid's hair on the playground 
You lay down on a stretcher (Don't get carried away now!) 
No pun intended, snapped out of your whip 
And leave it un-attended before i whip out this gun and hit it 
Unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute 
Cause i can leave your Infinite full of those even if someone's in it 
Snap the airbag, hit the corner and park it 
You wanted a market, i got her tied up in a chair and gag 
Bitches get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged 
Like cave-women, while i'm grave diggin' with Marilyn Man 

Mr. Eon: 
If you got a bowl of hash better cash it 
Dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit 

Eminem: 
And if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone 
I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'm gonna detach it 

Mr. Eon: 
If you got a bowl of hash better cash it 
Dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit 

Eminem: 
I'm flabergasted off two tabs of acid 
Threw my baby's mother in a nap sack and latched it 

Mr. Eon: 
Yo, "Eon's whack now", how you dig that? 
Couldn't get on my record if you were street rap 
Get the greater rate with these rhymes i be totin' 
Let's go back online and jerk off on your modem 
I got stupid mucus from these loose lips 
My loose leaf leave your whole persona weak 
To the point when you stand up on your feet {you} best retreat 
Let's go back in time and steal my whole seed 
The quickening, did a ?briss? at the crispening 
I'm exercisin', to uplifting the foot stage 
This thing's the nicest, i keep telling you 
What the fuck this guy on the corner been selling you? 
(Eminem: "here buy this") 

Eminem: 
I'm e-mailing you, at the wrong website 
Mispelling you, break you and put the fear of hell in you 
Escape above you, stuff the nurse in a purse 
Disperse like i added too many words in a verse 
Slim Shady, a perverted virgin at birth {or "version of birth"} 
Driving off, leaving the murdered virgin at church 
The first person searching the earth for the motherfucker 
That pulled the plug when they shoulda alerted the surgeon first 
You don't curse and hit with your own words 
Leave me alone bitch! I get on my own nerves 
And if i don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up 
Then i'm takin' off both shoes and stickin' each middle toe up (fuck y'all!) 

Mr. Eon: 
If y'all got a bowl of hash better cash it 
Dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit (Eminem: "gimmie that") 

Eminem: 
And if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone 
I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'm gonna detach it 

Mr. Eon: 
So if you got a bowl of has better cash it 
Dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit 

Eminem: 
I'm flabergasted off two tabs of acid 
Threw my baby's mother in a hatch-back and latched it 

Eminem: 
Any disease out there i'm willing to catch it.... 
Slim Shady.....All praises 
To the High & Mighty 

(scratches): 
(Eminem)- "Slim Shady" 
(Eminem)- "naughty rotten rhymer"
(Mr. Eon)- "Mr. Eon" 
(Mr. Eon)- "illest rhyme dropper" 
(Eminem)- "Slim Shady" 
(Eminem)- "naughty rotten rhymer"
(Mr. Eon)- "Mr. Eon" 
(Mr. Eon)- "illest rhyme dropper" 
(Eminem)- "Slim Shady" 
(Eminem)- "n....nau..naughty...ro..ro..rotten rhyme....rhyme..rhy..rhymer" 
(Mr. Eon)- "Mr. Eon" 
(Mr. Eon)- "illest rhyme drop...drop..drop..dro..dro..rhyme dropper" 








*Basement Recording that Eminem and his friend did in the late 80's* 

(Friend of Eminem) 
"Yo man.. Yo Marsh man, You've been kickin' all this shit about yourself, want the ??? man" 

(Eminem) 
"Ai, you want one about the posse, Aight" 

Oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride 
Oh, oh, ph, ohh Foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride 

Well foolish pride has alot of things to say 
You got foolish pride, you got tooth decay 
But tooth decay is another problem 
So let's take this old foolish pride and solve it 
Now, when I talk about foolish pride 
I mean blacks & whites taking different sides 
When blacks and whites take different sides 
Unity never happens, and we will subside 
We will subside and hatred will release 



And everything will just crush that peace 
Well, when we crush that peace, we start hatin' each other 
But remember, you are my brother, and you are my sister 
Just like I'm a mister 
I seen a black girlfriend and I kissed her 
I kissed her ; I placed it on her cheek 
And she didn't come back til next week 

Now it was next week and she was back again 
Wanting to kiss a white kid 
So she was my girlfriend, we started going out 
But that's okay because we were Black and white 
Blacks and whites they sometimes mix 
But Black girls only want your money cause they're dumb chicks 
So I'ma say like this 
Don't date a Black girl, take it as a diss 
If you want, but if you don't 
I'ma tell you like this, I surely won't 
Never date a Black girl because Blacks only want your money 
And that shit aint funny 

So I'ma say look honey 
Why do you do this? 
You know, you step up to me like you a Brutus 
Then you try to grab my spinach 
Because its green and that's cash 
So get outta here, 'cause I don't need your ass 
I said that before, but that's okay because like I said you're a whore 
Black girls and white girls just don't mix 
Because Black girls are dumb and white girls are good chicks 
White girls are good ; I like white girls 
I like white girls all over the world 
White girls are fine and they blow my mind 
And that's why I'm here now telling you this rhyme 
'Cause Black girls, I really don't like 
We don't mix, it's like riding a bike
When you're peddling hard, uphill both ways 
You know it's kinda hard and that's why I say to you 
I'm giving you a little advice 
Don't date a Black girl, if you do it once you won't do it twice 
You won't ever do it again because they'll take your money 
And that aint funny 
So I'ma say look honey 
I thought I said that before 
But like I said again you're nothing but a big whore 
So when mike catch on the bass line 
That's okay ?cause we will not just waste time 

I'll get straight to the point 
Black girls are bitches, that's why I'ma tell ya you better pull up your britches 
?Cause all that cash is making your ass drag 
From the boyfriend ya ganked and that's pretty bad 
I mean that's pretty sad when ya dating a Black guy 
And then you turn around and fuck another big, Black guy 
Now that's pretty wrong, but you're just ganking 
But that's okay because you need a goddamn spanking 
From me, the funky Eminem 
I'm busting rhymes and I'm swallowing phlegm 
I'm busting a freestyle just like this
I say swallowing phlegm and Howard gets pissed 
But when Howard gets pissed that's okay 
Because he leaves and he doesn't show up for two more days 
So I'll just worry about that problem when I come to it 
I cross that bridge when I come to it 

Because, I forgot the chorus 
But that's okay 'cause y'all saying bust a rhyme for us 
So I'ma bust another rhyme about this Black girl 
She turned out to be a fuckin' wack girl 
A wack girl, because Black girls ain't funny 
All they want is your godamn money 
They take you for everything you got 
And then you stand with a bunch of snot in your hand 
So I'ma kick it to you just like this 
How does the chorus go, I forgot 
But that's okay, 'cause I'ma tell you in stride 
I'ma say oh foolish pride 

Oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride 
Oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride 
Oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride 
Oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh 
Date a white girl, 'cause they got the raw hide? 




I got a riddle, 
What?s little and talks big, 
With midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle, 
That?ll do anything to throw dirt on my name, 
If it means walking the whole Mediterranean, 
Isn't it Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian, 
No, it?s Dave Raymond and oh, 
Oh sorry, yo, so sorry, whoa 
But that was a long time ago, 
When I was just Joe Schmo, 
Rapping in Joe Blow?s basement, 
I apologized for it before so, 
Either accept it or you don?t, 
And let?s move on, 
If I ain?t shown that I?ve grown you get the bone,* 
Keep lickin these nuts you industry mutts, 
Keep walking around sniffing each other?s butts, 
Or should I say asses, 
What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses, 
The question I ask is how can I explain this, 



How can I swing this in English language, 
If I switched to slang and turned man to mane, 
Do I do it in vain or simply to entertain, 
Am I being real or am I being fake, 
Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine, 
Or am I caught up in this hot water, 
Word on my daughter, 
I told you That I love this culture, 
Don't let 'em insult ya, 
I'ma tell you once more again 
This is the environment I was brought up in, 
But every now and then, 
I use my pen to get rid of some frustration, 
Or should I say ?shun?, 
Is it just another one of my subliminal ways of racism,* 
Your face is numb, you?re stunned,
Your look is cold like that of a man of 70 some years old,* 
And it only gets colder, 
Which is why I understand, 
You can?t be mad at a 44 year old fan with a chip on his shoulder, 
Who only owns a half of a magazine, 
And the only way to have it seen is to put me on the front of it again, 
Only thing that makes him grin is to see me frown,* 
Papa can?t stand me, 
Papa needs to take his medication and sit the fuck down, 
In his new chair that goes round and round, 
That he bought from the money in his bank account, 
That I get him every issue when the thing comes out, 
Sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out, 
And let his black side arm wrestle his white side, 
Yell apartheid loud enough that he might slide, 
He might find someone dumb enough who might ride,* 
But ain?t nobody over here buying two white guys, 
Disguised as pro-black, 
There is no slack for a Harvard college grat in a fitted hat, 
And a hunchback standin by the clearance coat rack, 
In some old slacks and some RSO throwbacks, yeah* 
Shady in the place to bc, 
And it takes what I got to rock the mike, right* 
Still not gonna cater these punks, 
Fuckin cock-suckin, pussy-lips, hated, dicks, cunts.* 






Artist: Kid Rock f/ EminemA shimmy shimmy go go motha fuckin pop 
It's the K-K-Kid Rock with the K-K-Kid Rock shit 
I'm on top bitch and rock for tricks 
Hella whips and nips and flip trips for whips 
I get all the money pussy falls like rain 
Been gettin' laid and paid that's why I never complain 
If I ain't in it for the money I'm in it for the P (or is it D) 
It's 1998 yo and you still can't fuck with me 
You don't be fuckin' with the blue eye 
Fuckin' with my 2-5 up your fuckin' ass like my shoe size 
I got a new vibe, kinda like Voodoo
You do what we say and we'll do what we want to 
We're fuckin' up your city and we're fuckin' up your progam 
Fuckin' all your bitches we can fuckin' give a goddamn 
Twisted Brown gets down with no assistance 
We won't quit until we're banned from existence 
Persistance pays if that holds true 
Then I'm gonna buy this fuckin' planet before the time I'm through



I was praised and raised on the thoughts of no takings 
So let me get what I got comin' and the rest I'm fakin' 
I'm shakin' like Jerry Lee Lewis and shit 
You act like the motherfucker's new at this shit 
But I've been true to this shit given' my heart and soul 
Been shinin' like a diamond but gettin' passed as coal 
So Fuck Off 
Yeah 

With my pants half hangin' off my ass and shit 
Bowl filled hash pockets stuffed with cash 
I be the mushroom trippin' sippin' shots of Jack 
'Cause the kids don't listen gettin' lots of flack 
I be the do wa diddy up and down you block and 
The 10 karat Kid with my triggers cockin' 
The K the I the D R-O-C K motherfucker and you still don't know me 
So blow me bitch I don't rock for *Edited* 
I rock for the cash and the topless dancers 
Don't have no answers so pass the joint 
I'm just paid in full and made in Detroit 
I ride like Setta in the Indy 5 
And get live with that which get's me high 
Strive for perfection this much is true 
We do what we say you say what we do 
Kid Rock I couldn't be no Bozo 
And I get too much nina 
*Edited* and my glock rolls solo to Arizona 
I'm an easy rider dreamin' of Wynonna 
I roam the country like a Greyhound bus 
Put faith in lust and in God I trust 
I'm not Peter Pan I don't fuck with fairies 
But I bust more rhymes than virgin cherries 
And Harry Carey couldn't call my game 
Fucked so many hoes I'm in the hall of fame 
And I show no shame from coast to coast 
I don't mean to brag, but I like to boast 
Fuck Off 
Yeah right in your mother fuckin' ass bitch 
With that Detroit city shit ain't shit swift we're on the same script 
Nothing new since 76 Kid Rock 
Yo Slim Shady come break these mother fuckers off 

(Eminem) 
Yo tell the world to hold their breath they're breathing the wrong air 
This planet belongs to me and this hippy with long hair 
Two white boys who spike punch and like noise 
Hang around drugs loud music and like noise 
Slim Shady and Brown Trucker another bunch of mother fuckers 
Who hate the world as much as each other 
And I ain't leaving this party tonight 
'Til I see some naked bitches dancin' around drunk touchin' each other 
Rum and Pepsi got your perception of me sketchy 
'Cause when I stage dive people are scared to catch me 
'Cause all I do is curse and fuck 
So when I do 'shrooms you all better give me two rooms 
'Cause I'm fuckin' the first one up 
So when you see me on your block you better lock your cars 
'Cause you know I'm losin' it when I'm rappin' to rock guitars 
This is for children who break rules 
People that straight fool 
And ever single teenager that hates school 

Fuck Off 







[Ja Rule] 
Yo 

[01] 
Yooo.. uh 

[Ja Rule] 
Rule nigga 
Ja Rule.. 01 

[01] 
Uh 

[Ja Rule] (01) 
Yeah 
It's our world.. please believe 
Niggas ain't real.. please believe 
It's murda.. please believe 



I-N-C.. niggas what's fuckin with me? 
R-U-L-E.. love me or hate me.. baby 
Refer to 3:36.. baby 
That's the rule.. please niggas don't get it confused 
See this game that we playin'.. ya'll playin' to lose 
Who's next that wanna ride.. (who?) 
Spittin.. (who?).. how I do niggas.. (who?).. 
knowin they wanna ride (who?) 
Rule baby.. I've been really outta control lately 
If you relatin' let me hear ya say.. yay-yaay.. yay-yaay 
Ya'll feelin' my pain?.. I've been runnin' wild time and again 
Ya'll swerve in my lane.. I'll pull up and start poppin' ya brain 
Fuck knowin' these broads names.. it's [ ] the champagne 
Ya'll niggas is lame.. my niggas ain't sane.. 
Who you fuckin' with? 

[Ja Rule] (01) 
Ya'll niggas wanna dead.. (who?).. 
Then wanna ride.. (who?) 
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 

[Vita] 
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda 
We scream it.. we yell it.. we livin' murda murda murda 

[Ja Rule] (01) 
Ya'll ain't feelin.. (who?) 
Ya'll don't like.. (who?) 
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 

[Vita] 
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda 
We live it.. we breathe it.. we screamin' murda murda murda 

[Ja Rule] 
Murder INC. is my blood.. 
We go through the pain together.. by any means 
Poppin it hot at whoever.. or so it seems 
Niggas that getting hot.. not this hot nigga very hot 
See it in your eyes.. niggas ready to die 
But as long as I'm alive.. I'm puttin' this on my life 
For niggas that ain't right.. they get it upon sight 
If ya know me.. then you'll no way.. pop away 
Cock and pop again.. baby.. men will be men 
I spit off 10.. fuck it give 'em the 16 
Like my guns dirty and hands clean.. 
Loose bitches in tight jeans 
Old money and crack fiends.. was a fetish.. 
Before Guliani got into office and deaded shit 
Fuck it.. I'm livin' my life on the edge 
Got one in the head.. plus a niggas Fed.. 'nuff said 
I'm gonna behead niggas that don't believe this 
Rule baby.. 3:36 

[Ja Rule] (01) 
Ya'll niggas wanna dead.. (who?) 
Then wanna ride.. (who?) 
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 

[Vita] 
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda 
We scream it.. we yell it.. we livin' murda murda murda 

[Ja Rule] (01) 
Ya'll ain't feelin.. (who?) 
Ya'll don't like.. (who?) 
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 

[Vita] 
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda 
We live it.. we breathe it.. we screamin' murda murda murda 

[01] (Ja Rule) 
We are the world's most dangerous.. niggas alive 
All of my niggas bang with us.. and let's ride 
Muthafuckas will ball but not many survive 
Cause 50 shots.. tearin' through the side of ya ride 
Cause we are.. (MURDERERS) 
Muthafucka you heard.. playa.. (MURDERERS) 
Poppin collars in air 
Poppin' shots through ya rearview 
Bullets, they tear through 
Got niggas wonderin' like.. "What the fuck did I do?" 
So niggas wanna go and get they man cause they can't do this shit 
Because they ain't got no heart for this.. bust a gun and body shit 
Niggas like you probably snitch.. do a nigga then get rich 
Niggas like you always fit.. 6 feet deep inside a ditch 
There ain't nothin' fuckin' with this.. ya know why? 
Nigga I just came into the game.. "Ready to Die" 
Ready to hold heat.. drive-by with Rule 
Poppin shots through the sun roof screamin' "Fuck You!" 

[Ja Rule] (01) 
Ya'll niggas wanna dead.. (who?) 
Then wanna ride.. (who?) 
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 

[Vita] 
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda 
We scream it.. we yell it.. we livin' murda murda murda 

[Ja Rule] (01) 
Ya'll ain't feelin.. (who?) 
Ya'll don't like.. (who?) 
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 

[Vita] 
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda 
We live it.. we breathe it.. we screamin' murda murda murda 

[Ja Rule] (01) 
Ya'll niggas wanna dead.. (who?).. 
Then wanna ride.. (who?) 
Ya'll know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 

[Vita] 
It's murda murda.. you know it's murda murda 
We scream it.. we yell it.. we livin' murda murda murda 

[Ja Rule] (01) 
Ya'll ain't feelin.. (who?) 
Ya'll don't like.. (who?) 




(Song is hard to hear, corrections appreciated. This is a song from before Eminem was famous) 

*After a phone call between Kim and Champtown, the song begins* 

[sample] 
"Fuck it, Friends or no friends I had enough bullshit to last me clear to the ends"[4x] 

[Eminem] 
I shoulda been able to see that you were the one behind this 
but i was blind as fuck to see that you were the kind that stuck some more in the spine this 
It was another friendship broke in half 
and watch you turn everything into a game and joke and laugh 
and both of us know we can?t discuss the situation 
I just hold this confrontation just revolts 
and accusations and insults 
so I?m just let it go from that 
we need to be I told you now, from that 
what goes around comes back around 
believe me, duck from that, come here you fuckin? 




[Chorus : Proof] 
Come here you fuckin backstabber 
why I oughta, be the bitch nigga from the hood, haha 
come here you fuckin backstabber 
why i oughta, be the nigga that?s up to no good, haha 

[sample] 
"Fuck it, Friends or no friends I had enough bullshit to last me clear to the ends"[2x] 

[Eminem] 
Take a second to stop and think about what you done 
and you woulda thought that being a friend, Instead of what you won 
All because of what you run your mouth 
you wanna prance around and gloat? 
Lets see how well you dance around 
when i got my hands around your throat 
Cause It?s a matter of time till I get my blows in and it won?t be long 
You shouldn?t go walkin around and stickin your nose in where it don?t belong 
Cause everytime you talked when you was stretchin the truth 
There?s gonna be more go flyin up but you gonna catch it in 2 
come here, come here you fuckin? 

[Chorus : Proof] 
Come here you fuckin backstabber 
why I oughta, be the bitch nigga from the hood, haha 
come here you little backstabber 
why i oughta, be the nigga that?s up to no good, haha 

[sample] 
"Fuck it, Friends or no friends I had enough bullshit to last me clear to the ends"[2x] 

[Eminem] 
Come here you lil double-crossing goin behind my back snitchin 
good for nothin but trouble causin instigating fact switcher 
you were the least that i suspected
Until the puzzle well into place with every peice that I selected 
But I?ll never let that crap happen again 
You come backstabbin' again 
catch it smack dab in the chin 
that?s for backstabbin a friend 
cause every name in the book 
wouldn?t be enough 
so i just figured I?d say your name in the hook 
check it out, come here you fuckin?. 

[Chorus : Proof] 
Come here you fuckin backstabber 
why I oughta, be the bitch nigga from the hood, haha 
come here you little backstabber 
why i oughta, be the nigga that?s up to no good, haha 

[sample] 
"Fuck it, Friends or no friends I had enough bullshit to last me clear to the ends"[4x] 

[Outro :Proof] 
Backstabbers don?t live too long 
Around my way friendships betrayed 
In the hood you die for that! 
For those that don?t love this combat and verbally say this 
This could relate to the death of a backstabber 
That?s like the desire to make social distant vibration combustion of the neck 
The backstabber for the female, you sleezin ass bitch nigga! 
So remember, the backstabber always loses in the end 
A friend is a friend to the end 
F-R-I for Fri, E-N-D a friend for the end?..yes 
To eternity?..the backstabber shall never flourish 
Take em out??. 




Hi! 
Original Bad Boy on the case, cover your face 
Came in the place blowed, and sprayed Puffy with Mase 
I laced the weed with insect repellant, better check the smelly 
Eminem starts with E, better check the spelling 
with a capital, somebody grab me a Snapple 
I got an aspirin capsule trapped in my adam's apple 
Somebody dropped me on my head, and I was sure 
that my mother did it, but the bitch won't admit it was her 
I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months 
and said, "I'm ready now bitch - ain't you feelin these kicks cunt?" 
The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell 
I'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in hell 
I'm sick of these sperm cells with syphillis germs 
and I'm hotter than my dick is, when I piss and it burns 
I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach 
and vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it 
(Yuck!) Hit you in the head with a brick til you plummet 
If y'all don't like me, you can suck my dick til you numb it 
And all that gibberish you was spittin, you need to kill it 



Cause your style is like dyin in my sleep, I don't feel it 

Chorus: Eminem 

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin crazy -- hello, hi! 
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
is fuckin crazy -- do you hear me? 
Is fuckin crazy 

[Eminem] 
I'm ice grillin you, starin you down with a gremlin grin 
I'm Eminem, you're a fag in a women's gym 
I'm Slim, the Shady is really a fake alias 
to save me with in case I get chased by space aliens 
A brainiac, with a cranium packed, full of more uranium 
than a maniac Saudi Arabian 
A highly combustible head, spazmatic 
strapped to a Kraftmatic adjustable bed 
Laid up in the hospital in critical condition 
I flatlined; jumped up and ran from the mortician 
High speed, IV full of thai weed 
Lookin Chinese, with my knees stuck together like siamese 
twins, joined at the groin like lesbians 
Uhh, pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pins 
I hope God forgives me for my sins -- it probably all depends 
on if I keep on killin my girlfriends

Chorus: Eminem 

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin crazy -- listen!! 
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? 
Is fuckin crazy 

[Eminem] 
Last night I O.D.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust 
and got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed 
(Shucks!) I'm an alcoholic and that's all I can say 
I call in to work, cause all I do is frolic and play 
I swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day 
of Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be (RRARRRRH) 
Give me eleven Excederin my head'll spin 
Medicine'll get me revvin like a 747 jet engine 
Scratched my balls til I shredded skin 
"Doctor, check this rash, look how red it's been" 
"It's probably AIDS!" Forget it then 
I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows 
that don't even make sense, like dykes usin dildos 
So reach in your billfolds, for ten ducats 
and pick up this Slim Shady shit that's on Rawkus 
Somethin somethin somethin, somethin I get weeded 
My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it 
Damn 

Chorus: Eminem 

[Eminem] 
listen Hi! somethings not right 
I'm sorry I'm mentaly retarted 
Slim Shady I think thats my name 
Rawkus Records Fuckin' Crazy 
Do You hear us we're Fuckin' Crazy
All of us Hi! Bye! 9 somethin 




I'm a goat 
and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is 
it means the greatest of all time 
and I consider myself one of those 
so thank you very much, here it goes! 

This is the part I was worried about 
everyone thinks that my career is down the tubes 
and I'm in some dusty garage inhaling them carbon monoxide fumes 
and everyone's telling me what I should do 
and how I should come out and what to rap about 
and I know I got a lot up in my medulla oblongata that I gotta get out 
and I'm not sure how this is gonna come off 
they're probably gonna think that I'm coming off as cocky (haha) 
like I just started giving a fuck what you really think about me 
see, the thing about me 
is you don't really know a thing about me 
everyone's making a stink about me 
like there's some kind of a aura of that of the king around me 
surround me with nothin' but gangsters, killers, and bangers 



and the most dangerous criminals 
and I feel like I'm more comfortable around them than I do my own motherfuckin' neighbors 
but, see, my dream is to be remembered as one of the best when I leave 
but why does it seem like I'm not even put up in the same category as other emcees? 
so when Weezy says that he's better than Jay-z 
please, be that just subliminally 
means he thinks Jigga's the best and that he's 
the only one up in that league, see
and it's easy just to consider me one of the greatest white rappers there is 
knowing god damn well that I'm one of the best motherfucking rappers who ever lived period. 

I'm a goat 
and I don't mean to gloat 
but I know what I know and I know what you think 
and these magazines'll never put it in ink 
because how would it look if they considered me as a goat? 
and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is 
it means the greatest of all time 
and I consider myself one of those 
so thank you very much, here it goes! 

Maybe they figure that I'm on my way out the game 
so they gotta go try to find em a new Eminem 
or a new Shady, if they think it's gonna happen 
man, I thought I was crazy 
or maybe I could be takin' it wrong and they're tryna pay homage to me in a strange way 
so let me pay homage to my fellow white competitors almost in the same way 
see, you hardly ever do hear anyone even bringing up that Paul Wall's white 
cause lyrically he doesn't pose a threat to anyone, see, he's just aight 
and Bubba Sparxxx, he just won't write 
because he's so caught up in that snow white 
that Timbaland can't even get him in the studio 
he's so gone off that coke, right 
and it's so sad, cause he's dope, right 
America's next great white hope, right 
so now they feel like they gotta come up with some corny ass white rapper show, right 
and which I'm still havin' mixed feelings about 
they said it'd be real, I'm just spillin' it out 
there's somethin' about a white boy talking black and runnin' around with a damn grill in his mouth 
and I love when the say that Tiger Woods shit 
"Isn't it ironic that the best rapper's white and the best golfer's black?" 
and I'm the one who's gotta catch all the flack offa' that 
but these are the people who never had heard of an Eminem until 8 Mile had came out 
but I had already hit middle America 
Parents had all got to likin' me now 
when suddenly I wasn't such a bad guy 
all of the hatred for me must've died 
thought I committed career suicide so I had to turn back into the bad guy 
so faggoty faggoty faggoty gays 
and anatomy God made Raggedy Ann and Andy 
not Raggedy Andy and Andy and Andy 
and Angelina Jolie is just another ho 
and Brad is a sucka' because once I fuck her 
she wants to go to Somalia to adopt another baby 
you know what I say? No 
You better save some of them kids from Madonna 
she needs all the publicity she can get 
you want a Shady? Well, you got it, man 
I ain't apologizin' for shit. 

I'm a goat 
and I don't mean to gloat 
but I know what I know and I know what you think 
and these magazines'll never put it in ink 
because how would it look if they considered me as a goat? 
and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is 
it means the greatest of all time 
and I consider myself one of those 
so thank you very much, here it goes! 

Man, I'm takin' my ball and goin' home, man 
shit is too easy 
nobody even wants to pass me the ball cause 
(I'm a goat) 
so don't worry, I'm out the motherfuckin' game 
and y'all can sit and argue about who's the motherfuckin' best 
but y'all know that 
(I'm a goat) 
and like I said, I'm one of the motherfuckin' best 
before you get your panties in a motherfuckin' bunch 
but before I go, I'd like to say fuck you very much to everybody who wasn't there from the start 
and thank you very much to everybody who was 
and y'all ain't gotta say it, just think it 
cause I know that you know that I know that you know that I know that you know 
(I'm a goat) 
(hahahaha) 
I'm out, y'all 
it's been real, peace

It's the Libyan opposition and the True Libyan Army Boys (okay) 
Libyans (Come On!!!) 
We representing' for everybody who wants freedom, gaddaffi and your fake ass Libyan crew (Where you at?) 
Or where the fuck you hiding? 
Libyan opposition representing' for ya'll (who) 
We represent for: 

Benghazzi [threw it down] 
Misurata[threw it down] 
Al Zaiwia [threw it down] 
Brega [threw it down] 
Tripoli [threw it down] 
Ras Lanuf [threw it down] 
Darna [threw down] 
Bin Jawad [threw it down] 
Yafran [threw it down] 
Gharyan [threw it down] 
Az Zintan [threw it down] 
Sidra Port [threw it down] 
Al Marj [threw it down] 



Bani Walid [threw it down] 
Those Sirt Fools [Sold us out] 
All the Libyans represent [Let's Go!!] 

COME OUT FROM HIDING Mother fucka throw it up 
If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out of Libya 

Back up gadaffi bitch get the fuck out our way 
(Aye move the fuck back bitch, Move the fuck back) 
What you looking at gaddaffi, what you looking at saif 
Not the people or our opposition click, we too trill ya hamar) 
We to deep off in this bitch, we too deep off in this bitch 
(Its more of us than than you in your club of stupid bitchs) 
Yall are gaddaffis people over there ( yall idiots aint shit) 
Yall are gaddaffis people over there ( yall idiots aint shit) 

We run this (country) 

There will never be last stand 
Were ready to blast ya 
You know the new gov don't play no mothafuckin games 
Ready to bust the head of a fuckin pretender 
gaddafi as soon as we enter you know were making noise 
All the real Libyan ladies that's proud of Libya 
And they aint never been scared 
They're ready to bust some head 
They ready to throw it down bitch and they aint scared



[Eminem] 
Get back, get back 
You better get back, get back, back

You better get back, get back 
You better get back, get back back *repeat both lines 3x* 
You better... 

[Proof] 
Doin a box of doctrine, on stompin oxygen 
? ? wit fork to your optic lens 
Hittin wit a sudden force 
Leave your boy layin in the same puddle of blood as yours 
When I flood his porch 
Smuugle a gun in court and shoot the judge 
Easily reduce a thug to a future scrub 
A double-deuce wit slugs, I'm Proof on drugs 
We'll turn you to a rapper that we used to love 
How you on medicine cabinet pills



Grabbin the steel, leapin over buildings that haven't been built 
I'm not the best yet cuz I haven't been killed 
I'm laughin at you faggot-ass rappin for deals, you better 

[Eminem] 
Get back, get back 
You better get back, get back back 
You better get back, get back 
You better get back, get back back 
You better get back, get back 
You better get back, get back back 
You better get back, get back 
You better get back, get back back 
You better... 

I'm disappointed in my dentist appointment 
He only gave me the fuckin gas for thirty minutes this mornin 
Went to the hospital to get a chest X-ray 
Checked out the next day in a dress wit a sex change 
I'm havin a bad day 
My fuckin dad's gay, I hate fags, and I'm fuckin mad cuz I don't have AIDS 
All I want to do is die 
I tried suicide six times and couldn't even do it right 
Collapsed, had a relapse and called three cabs 
And had to be dragged back to rehab wit bloody kneecaps 
Enrolled myself in a twelve-step program 
Tripped on the first step and got pinned down in a chokeslam 
I swear to God, this 'Pac poster comes any closer 
I'm kickin this whole fuckin wall over 
Two more shots and it's all over 
I'm all over this wall, tryin not to fall over 

[Bizarre] 
BLOAW BLOAW! 
Shots in broad day 
(BIZARRE, THAT'S YOUR MOM!) 
The bitch shouldn't have been in the way 
Me, Shady and Mike fuckin a hemaphrodite 
My little sister was a virgin till late last night 
High off a kite off of stick of sherm
Put your mother in a full-nelson while my boys take turns 
A unibomber tryin to escape this country 
Tell O.J. he better be comin up wit my money 
Bizarre goes commerical? Nigga, you can forget it 
B-- suck my *dick* that is the radio edit 
I'm quick to smack the shit out of a foe 
I ain't had pussy in a while, I'm too busy fuckin assholes 
Battle me, you better go eat your vegetables 
I'm iller than a Muslim eatin a pork hotdog in African festival 
This shit is serious, watch me sniff 'cane 
Avoid the pain and fuck a bitch barely potty-trained 

[Eminem] 
Get back, get back 
You better get back, get back back 

You better get back, get back 
You better get back, get back back *repeat both lines 5x* 
You better get the FUCK back 

"Get back" *cut up and repeated* 









Yeah! 
Stat quo 
Doc Dre 
I representin the A town 
A town 
Aye aye aye 
I'm comin' from the A town 
A town 
Shady Aftermath 

Yeah 
Once again it's on 
Em, stat now alive 
And this motherfucker on 
The ho's get naked 
Soon as the song comes on 
The niggas get reckless 
It's off the chain 
It's on 



It's papa speakers 
Knockin' crowds off the floor 
They jockin' and watchin 
When I walks through the door 
It's him 
Tell a friend 
But you already know 
Act stupid and lose it 
Don't fuck with quo 
I'm kind of different 
Not the usual 
Sippin' cognac between two beautiful 
Two bitches at the club 
Talk shit at your funeral 
I came to get a buzz and crunk 
Understand yo 
It's crowded in back 
He's jumpin 
God damn it's slow 
I'm cooler than cool 
Cause my temperature is thirty below 
I'm checkin' the scene for new cunt 
Droppin' it low 
Shakin' they ass 
Backin' it up 
Fast or slow 

You know this thing don't stop till I say so 
Now get low 
Get low 
Keep that ass on the floor 
You know this club don't close till I say so 
Now get low 
Get low 
Keep that ass on the flow 
Now get low 
Get low 
Keep that ass on the floor 
Now get low 
Get low 
Keep that ass on the floor 

It goes three two one shortie 
That's what's up 
At the bar lookin sober 
But I'm high as fuck 
And as far as yall who be actin' tough 
I'm in the spot with the glock 
Please believe it's tough 
We ready we sweaty 
It's hot 
It's off the chain 
We macin' and spewin 
Please miss tell me what's ya name 
The way you move and them jeans
Made me happy you came 
I'm tryin' to get to know ya 
Possibly get some brain 
I need pinky rings 
I'm the man of your dreams 
Your life if you wanna be wifey 
And join my team 
So I can support you 
And support you by any means 
Nah 
I ain't givin' you none of my things
But we can leave the club tonight 
Hit the telly 
And fuck 
Long as you know when I bust 
I'm in the dust 
Ain't no children 
It ain't nothing nothing for us to discuss 
Except what time your ride pickin' you up 

You know this thing don't stop till I say so 
Now get low 
Get low 
Keep that ass on the floor 
You know this club don't close till I say so 
Now get low 
Get low 
Keep that ass on the flow 
Now get low 
Get low 
Keep that ass on the floor 
Now get low 
Get low 
Keep that ass on the floor 

Turn that ass around 
Go on and do somethin do somethin girl 
Girl touch the ground 
Now drop drip low yeah 
Now drop drip low yeah 
Now drop drip low yeah 

Re-up style 

[Eminem] 





Yeah, yeah, I get it 
I run this rap shit, now guess who’s back 
You thought I left you, now why would I do that? (1, 2, 3) 

They keep on sayin’ the same rappers are the best 
Jay-Z and Kanye West, maybe they’re just tryna distract it 
From the fact that I’m comin’ back 
Or maybe it’s cause I ain’t black, maybe it’s because of that 
Maybe it’s because I’m the highest sellin’ artist in rap 
While I’m sittin’ back in my office jackin’ off to my plaques 
I’m still sick, how can I be sick this long 
And I’m still alive, Magic Johnson arise 
I thrive on makin’ my opponents think that I’ve died 
That’s when I just pop up outta nowhere, oh yeah, there we go there 
Damn I forgot how much money he got 
On the beach of Saint-Tropez, but your man don’t lay 
In the sun cause I don’t tan, I burn, blood clot 
When you gonna learn how much money we’ve earned 
How does it feel to know I came in this game at 25 
And coulda retired at 29 in my 20′s still 



And Fif’ here to lick on that Coca-Cola shit 
And he ain’t even gotta look at coke to even hold a brick 
No more, oh boy, goddamn did he score 
To go from sellin’ bags to bottles right out the store 
And Shady hit the box office man, he knocked the socks off us 
My ex-wife is set for life, you profitless cocksuckers 
So stay the fuck off us, we make pay 
I’m just a super easy modest MC, okay? 
Til I hear the word has been, that’s when I start spazzin’ 
Smart asses, kiss a smarter ass then 
I’m the best thing that ever happened to rap, bastards 
I’m a blonde Dre, now gimme Kanye’s glasses! 




Artist: Sway and King Tech f/ Eminem 


Yo.. yo! (* Eminem hachs up spit *) 
Mic check.. (My dick!) 
Testing.. one, two (* Eminem hach-spits on mic *) 
Ffff-fuck.. (My dick!) My nuts.. 

My attitude is worse than NWA's was 
I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people 
who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does (My tattoo!) 
You see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin, 
"Puffy is good, (HEY!) but Slim Shady is for the children!" (WAIT!) 
I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it 
Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like 
You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; cause I don't like rap anyway 
I'm just tryin to get my porno career started 
Every place and event.. +Been There, Done That+ 



Shit, Dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went 
(* zipper sound *) "Come on, let's go!" 
Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters 
Lesson One: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers 
Lesson Two: Face em and diss em (whattup dog?) 
Don't give em a demo; kidnap em (I want you to come with me) 
and make em come to your basement and listen 
(you're gonna fuckin check this out) 
Lesson Three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with Canibus 
and put yours on the owner's table (here listen!) 
Lesson Four: 'Know you heard this before' 
"Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow, for sure!" 
Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed? 
Get the whitest A&R you can find 
Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can 
Lesson Five: Get a hook-up at Jive 
Dress up like I.C.P. and have them come see you perform live 
And that's the key, but when you see me on the street; I ain't 
givin you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me (get away from me) 
Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin 
cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin like Master P (UNNNGGGGH!) 
Got a blowjob from Paula Jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth 
my balls broke both of her collarbones (OWW!) 
Told Mya this shit was all about me-ah ("It's all about me..") 
Gave Alyssa Milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea ("You're a dick!") 
And all three of my main girls said SEE-YA 
Cause Brandy and Monica walked in and caught me fuckin Aaliyah 
(What? Oh my God!) I splish splash while I'm takin a bath 
Grab a handful of pills, break em in half, take em and laugh 
White trash -- fuckin your wife in the ass ("Oh! Ooh Shady! Oooh!") 
While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass 

So if I hurt your self-esteem 
and you get dissed too bad [Yo why you diss me?] 
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad 
And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had [A big dick!] 
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad 
"I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!" 
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad 
"He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad!" [Nurse! Nurse!] 
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad 

What a wonderful day; I should go outside and play 
Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate 
Hi Renee! (Oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade 
in your driveway (WHAT?) and drive away (* car peels out *) 
Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with AIDS 
Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache 
You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though 
I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow 
Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (MOOOOO!) 
Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half 
Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed Cage with +Agent Orange+ 
And wiped my ass with his page in Source (Here!) 
The demon is here, steamin this year 
I rip [*Mystikal's*] voicebox out, scream in his ear (AHHHHHH!) 
It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it 
Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it 
"Yeah I don't think this guy is well.." I'm high as hell 
I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail 

[* impersonating Method Man *] 
I'll fuckin, I'll fuckin 
Lay your nuts on the dresser 
Just your nutsack by itself 
And bang them shits with a spiked bat 
Cut your neck off and sew your head right back 
And leave you like that 

You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor 
Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than Chris-topher 
Reeves, I was teething with strep throat 
while your mother was breastfeeding 
And gave her the flesh-eating disease 
I'm iller than takin a hammer and beatin your knees 
and walkin through South Central L.A., bleedin in jeans 
(Am I a Blood or a Crip?) Wakin up the next day in breathin machines 
Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes 
on how you just got smoked, and if you do live 
You'll be too scared to tell it, like a Biggie and 'Pac joke 

So if I hurt your self-esteem and you get dissed too bad 
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad 
And when I rap about a fat bitch that you wished you had 
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad 
"I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad" 
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad 
"He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad" 
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad 

I know that makes you real mad, don't it? (uh-huh) 
That's right, Slim Shady (yup) Sway & Tech 
Sprayin wreck (bitch) 
And we don't give a heck (uh-uh) 
or a damn.. or a fuck.. or a shit 
So suck my motherfuckin dick 







[Eminem] 
Hey yo dawg 
I got some shit on my motherfuckin chest that 
I need to get off cause, if I don't 
I'ma fuckin explode, or somethin 
Now look - this is a story about 
some little fuckin girls that I know 
It goes like this.. 

It's so easy for me to make enemies any more it's sickening 
People are lookin for an excuse to jump on my shitlist 
Stickin their noses in shit that isn't none of their business 
I never asked, cared, gave a fuck, or wanted opinions 
Now I'm in the position that, I don't wanna be in - shit 
I never had no beef with your corny son of a bitches 
But now the shit is broke and you can't do nothin to fix it 
So I'm tellin you right now - motherFUCK a Limp Bizkit 
Now I'ma be real, B-Real was real 



He ain't say shit the whole time me and Whitey was beefin, see he chill 
He was cool with the whole situation and kept it neutral 
I'd have never involved my crew if it wasn't for Pupils 
Peoples, whatever your backpackin cypherin name is 
Had I not opened a magazine and seen what you sayin and 
I'da never involved you, but you had to add your two pennies 
Now I gotta go grab my shitlist and add some new enemies 
Hit the studio and I'll admit, I had a few in me 
Fuck it, I roasted you, I ain't mad at you any 
But let it be known that song was never released, it leaked 
I'da never gave you that much attention intentionally 
Then I look on the TV, now look who's mentionin me 
That little fuckin weasel, DJ Lethal, on MTV 
After I gave you props in that song, you on national TV 
Talkin bout Everlast is gonna whip my ass when he sees me? 
Come on dawg, you was supposed to be on that song 
Talkin bout how bad you hate him, now you all on his thong? 
What's wrong? You scared, and Fred, you said you was dissin him too 
I shoulda knew better than to listen to you 
You fuckin sissy, up on stage, screamin how people hate you 
They don't hate you 
They just think you're corny since Christina played you 
And how dare you motherfuckers that try to diss me back 
That's a sissy act, and don't call me kissin my ass 
Cause I swear to God this ain't just a song I'm tryin to pre-warn you 
Lethal when I fuckin see you dawg I'm swingin on you! 
Motherfuckers must think cause I'm in trouble with the law 
that I won't jaw 'em, up my sentence and double it tomorrow 

[Chorus] 
Y'all some - girrrrls - y'all are some god damn girls 
Why do you act this way? - Why do you act this way huh? 
Why do y'all act like fuckin sissies you pussies 
keep talkin shit behind my back you just some bitches for that 
And we all knowwww - we all know, hah 
How fuckin cowards rollll - "keep rollin rollin rollin" 
In-fuckin-dent me's and pretend to be down 
But as soon as someone calls you out 
You put your tail between your legs and bow dowwwn 

[Eminem] 
Now I don't ask nobody to share my beliefs, to be involved in my beefs 
I'm a man, I can stand on my feet 
So if you don't wanna be in 'em all I ask 
is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion 
and I won't put you in 'em 
Cuz I don't ask nobody to share my beliefs, to be involved in my beefs 
I'm a man, I can stand on my feet 
So if you don't wanna be in 'em all I ask 



is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion 
and I won't put you in 'em 

Now see if you diss me and I respond, the beef is on 
But if I help you sell one record 
and I see you at a show, I'll strip you naked 
See I was smart, I came back and scooped up my friends 
Now I got five dawgs that'll die for me like I'll die for them 
I'll fight for them, swing or shoot like I fight for Kim 
All of 'em been with me through this fucked up life that I'm in 
That goes for all of my dogs, from Royce to Dre 
From Xzibit to Mel-Man, 'til I'm hoist away 
in my coffin I'll never soften no matter how often I'm tested 
I'll never give a fuck, I won't never be interested 
Love me or hate me as much as Fred wants to be hated 
I will solemnly stand by every statement I stated 
This shit that I been through my pencil never could pencil 
But I will never be this gullible ever again no (nope) 
Next time I'll know when someone's copyin off me 
I'm not bein cocky, I just know when somebody's mockin me 
I stick up my middle finger, he sticks up his finger (hey!) 
I say "Fuck Christina" he says "Fuck Christina" but meaner 
So from doin a song with Method to beggin to get accepted 
I'm peggin Fred with the bottle of dye that he bleached his head with
And as for Lethal, don't forget what I said 
I'm fuckin you up punk, you're dead! Don't think that I'm playin 
And fuck BIZKIT! Cause I know you're sayin fuck D-12 
Only not to our face, under your breath, to yourselves 

[Chorus] 
You little - girrrrls - motherfuckin females 
Why do you act this way? - Why do y'all act this way huh? 
Why do y'all act like fuckin sissies you pussies 
keep talkin shit behind my back you just some bitches for that 
And we all knowwww - now we all know the truth 
How fuckin cowards rollll - "keep rollin rollin rollin" 
In-fuckin-dent me's and pretend to be down 
But as soon as someone calls you out 
You put your tail between your legs and bow dowwwn 

[Eminem] 
Now I don't ask nobody to share my beliefs, to be involved in my beefs 
I'm a man, I can stand on my feet 
So if you don't wanna be in 'em all I ask 
is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion 
and I won't put you in 'em 
Cuz I don't ask nobody to share my beliefs, to be involved in my beefs 
I'm a man, I can stand on my feet 
So if you don't wanna be in 'em all I ask 
is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion 
and I won't put you in it 

And that's it, that's all there is to it dawg 
If you didn't wanna do the fuckin song 
don't say you're down with doin the fuckin song 
and then back out at the last minute 
And then go on motherfuckin MTV talkin about 
Everlast can whip my motherfuckin ass 
If you're scared of Whitey Ford dog
just say you're scared of Whitey Ford, that's it 
That's all you had to fuckin say, I wouldn'ta said shit 
I woulda backed off, did the motherfuckin song myself 
and not put you motherfuckers in it, that's all 
Now I ain't even on no rap shit no more 
I'm on some fuckin-you-up shit when I see you 
And I will see you too; oh, and by the way Fred 
That wasn't an accident 
I didn't mean to give you a play at the Music Awards 
Haha.. 






[Eminem] 
I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep 
Ain't gonna breathe, til I see, what I wanna see 
And what I wanna see, is you go to sleep, in the dirt 
Permanently, you just being hurt, this ain't gonna work 
For me, it just wouldn't be, sufficient enough 
Cuz we, are just gonna be, enemies
As long as we breathe, I don't ever see, either of us 
Coming to terms, where we can agree 
There ain't gonna be, no reason, speakin wit me 
You speak on my seed, then me, no speakin Englais 
So we gonna beef, and keep on beefin, unless 
You're gonna agree, to meet with me in the flesh 
And settle this face to face, and you're gonna see 
A demon unleashed in me, that you've never seen 
And you're gonna see, this gangsta pee on himself 
I see you D-12, and thanks, but me need no help 
Me do this one all by my lonely, I don't need fifteen of my homies 



When I see you, I'm seeing you, me and you only 
We never met, but best believe you gon' know me 
When I'm this close, to see you exposed as phony 
Come on, bitch, show me, pick me up, throw me 
Lift me up, hold me, just like you told me 
You was gonna do, that's what I thought, you're pitiful 
I'm rid of you, all you, Ja, you'll get it too! 

[Chorus] 
Now go to sleep bitch! 
Die, motherfucker, die! Ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes 
Go to sleep, bitch! (what?) 
Why are you still alive? How many times I gotta tell ya, close ya eyes?
And go to sleep bitch! (what?) 
Die motherfucker die, bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye! 
Go to sleep bitch! (what?) 
Why are you still alive? Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah... 
...Go to sleep bitch! 

[Obie Trice] 
We got you niggaz, nervous 
On purpose, to hurt your focus, you'se not MC's, you'se worthless 
You'se not them G's, you'se a circus, you'se no appeal, please 
You'se curtains, you use words, cool heard, slurred in two thousand third 
You'se purpin, you'se no threat, who's ya servin? 
We lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when 
You fuck with a label overseein the Earth 
Shady muthafucka, O. Trice's birth 
And as I mold, I become a curse 
So we can put down the verse, take it to the turf 
Cock and squeeze, and he who reach the hearse is he who 
Depicts fiction in his verse 
And as I breathe, and you be deceased 
The world believe you deceived just to speak 
You'se not the streets, you'se the desk 
Use not your chest nigga, use a vest 
Before two's choose ya rest, you chose death 
Six feet deep, nigga, that's the depth 

[Chorus] 

[DMX] 
Hey dog, I'ma walk like a beast, talk like the streets 
I'ma stay blazin New York wit the heat 
Stalk on the beat, walk wit my feet
Understand my pain, the rain ain't sweet 
Peep how I'm moving, peep where I'm going 
Shit don't seep, then sleep not knowin 
But I'ma keep growing, getting larger than life 
Easy-going with the same one that started the fight 
He be knowing how dog get, when dog gone bite 
Tried to show him the dog shit, it's dog for life 
Grand champ, and my Blood Line is tight 
Cuz it's all good, it's all right 
Niggas tried to holla, but couldn't holla back 
Now they gots to swallow, everything in the sac 
Blood Line, and, we can go track for track 
Damn dog, why'd you have to do them niggas like that? 

[Chorus] 

[Eminem] 
All you motherfuckers! take that! 
Here, take this too, bitch! Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Waaaaaahoo! 
We're killin all you motherfuckers dead, all you! 
Fake ass gangsters! No more press! No more press! 
Rot, motherfuckers, rot! Decay, in the dirt, bitch, in the motherfucking dirt! 
Die nameless, bitch, die nameless! No more fame! 
Ahhhhhhhhhh! Hahahaha 
Yo X, come on man, Obie, let's go, haha 




[Eminem] 
Fame, fame, fame 
I think it's got me goin' crazy 
Ohhhohhh 
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers 
Ohhhohhh 
Keep speaking my name, name, name 
You gon' have reason to hate me 
Yeahhhheahhh 
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win 
So. this. time. I'm goin' in! 

[Swifty] 
This the life of a rocker 
jagermeister and vodka 
Hoppin' off of the club's balcony 
Into the crowd, surfin' 
And when they drop me, I'm randomly sockin' fans 
And when my interviews in hockey masks, 



Slap the journalists on their ass 
I'm high off speed, 
Drivin' my car at high speed 
Pocket full of weed, while lesbians follow me 
I'm in the studio, envy 
My h & m, gon' call for me 
Cause I fell asleep on the soundboard, ain't get us off a week
So let's Bang!! all up in my head 
Get 'em back ungrateful dead 
Bustin' in the air, with 30 bitches up in my bed 
I'm kickin' 'em out naked, and this the sympathy 
Just ask me why I did it, well fuck it I can't remember 

[Eminem] 
Fame, fame, fame 
I think it's got me goin' crazy 
Ohhhohhh 
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers 
Ohhhohhh 
Keep speaking my name, name, name 
You gon' have reason to hate me 
Yeahhhheahhh 
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win 
So. this. time. I'm goin' in! 

[Kuniva] 
Some boys are wallin 
Drinkin', cussin', and hyper smilin' 
Been ridin' for days, tour bus look like ryker's island 
Hand me jack daniel's, spray paintin' the die hard fan 
Little cocker spaniel, fresh out of the damn zoo 
Man you, better be conscious, I'm backstage 
Livin' it up, with a couple of sluts feelin' nautious 
We're drinkin' it's been a couple of days, since I've slept 
My dick is sore from fuckin', when I bust there's nothin' left 
Just dust, back on the stage, give me my microphone 
Strappin' with the audience as we perform hypersong 
Our label presented us with a plaque 
Brought it on stage, and bashed it to pieces with an aluminum bats, stanks 
Now which one of you bitches down for the cause 
Yeah I said my dick is sore but I ain't say shit about my balls 
Last call then we off to the next city, yeah 
Whatever I didn't drink on my bladder pack it up and take the rest with me 

[Eminem] 
Fame, fame, fame 
I think it's got me goin' crazy 
Ohhhohhh 
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers 
Ohhhohhh 
Keep speaking my name, name, name 
You gon' have reason to hate me 
Yeahhhheahhh 
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win 
So. this. time. I'm goin' in! 

[Eminem] 
Yeah this game has got me goin' crazy 
Fuck it, I am crazy 
What's new, what kinda fuckin' glue you'd think I'd be if I was glue
We lost proof, he was our crew's glue 
But where was you, when we were fallin' apart 
You were shittin on us too 
But no one but us knew we were beefin' 
Cause that's what happens when you beef with crew 
It stays in the crew, cause it's just crew 
But we're back now, yeah we took our time while our blood grew 
Only thing we're in a hurry for now is to rush you! 
And we're back, these days if you don't got the guts or the nuts to 
Pussy, go pick your pussy leaves off your cunt tree, fuck you 
Ahh choo! 
Bless you! I'm allergic to pussy, sluts too 
Yeah, you think you the shit, till we flush you 
Have some bullshit to readjust 
Still got a just a few of us left, but it'd be unjust to rob us our just due 
So rest in peace to Bugz and proof 
This one's for you homies, we love you 
But we can't stop now we done had too much of our blood drew from this... 

[Eminem] 
Fame, fame, fame 
I think it's got me goin' crazy 
Ohhhohhh 
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers 
Ohhhohhh 
Keep speaking my name, name, name 
You gon' have reason to hate me 
Yeahhhheahhh 
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win 
So. this. time. I'm goin' in!

[Ozzy] 
I'm going through changes 
I'm going through changes 

[Eminem] 
Lately I really, feel like I'm rolling for delph like Philly, 
I feel like I'm losing control of myself, I sincerely, 
Apologize if all that I sound like is I'm complaining, 
But life keeps on complicating, an' I'm debating, 
On leaving this world, this evening, even my girls, 
Can see I'm grievin', I try and hide it, 
But I can't, why do I act like I'm all high and mighty, 
When inside, I'm dying, I am finally realizing I need help. 
I can't do it by myself, too weak, 2 weeks I've been having ups and downs, 
Going through peaks and valleys, dilly dallying, 
Around with the idea, of ending the shit right here. 
I'm hatin' my reflection, I walk around the house tryin' to fight mirrors, 
I can't stand what I look like, yeah, I look fat, but what do I care? 
I give a fuck, only thing I fear, is Hailie, 
I'm afraid if I close my eyes I might see her, 



Shit.. 

(Refrain:) 

[Eminem] 
I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom, nappin' at noon, 
Yeah dad's in a bad mood, he's always snappin' at you. 
Marshall what happened at you, you can't stop with these pills, 
And you've fallen off with your skills, and your own fans are laughin' at you. 
It become a problem you're too pussy to tackle, get up, 
Be a man, stand, a real man woulda had this shit handled. 
Know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed, 
They say Proof just flipped out, homie just swift out and bust, 
Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that, 
He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at, no-body, he fights first, 
But dwellin' on it only makes the night worse, 
Now I'm poppin Vic's, perks and Methadone pills. 
Yeah Em, tight verse, you killed it, 
Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like "yes man", 
And they gon' do whatever I says when, I says it, 
It's in their best interest to protect their investment. 
And I just lost my fuckin' best friend, so fuck it, I guess then... 

(refrain) 

Don't know what I'm gonna do, but I just keep on going through changes... 

My friends can't understand this new me, 
That's understandable man, but just think how bananas you'd be, 
You'd be an animal too, if you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo. 
And everybody's lookin' at you, what you want me to do, 
I'm startin' to live like a recluse and the truth is, 
Fame startin' to give me an excuse, to be at a all time low. 
I sit alone in my home theatre, watchin' the same damn DVD, 
Of the first tour, the last tour, he was still alive. 
And it hurt sore, fast forward, sleepin' pills'll make me feel alright. 
And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night, 
I just take a couple more, yeah you're motherfuckin' right, 
I ain't slowin' down for no one, I am almost homeward bound. 
Almost in a coma, yeah homie come on, dole 'em out 
Daddy, don't you die on me, daddy, better hold your ground. 
Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice, 
Yeah baby hold me down. 

(refrain) 

[Eminem] 
Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes, plus somehow I'm pullin' through. 
Swear when I come back I'ma be bulletproof. 
I'ma do it just for Proof, I think I should state a few, 
Facts, cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth. 
Shit it just hit me that what if I would notta made it through? 
I think about the things I would have never got to say to you, 
I'd never get to make it right, so here's what I came to do. 
Hailie this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina too, 
I still love your mother, that'll never change, 
Think about her every day, we just could never get it together. 
Hey, wish there was a better way, for me to say it, 
But I swear on everything, I'd do anything for her on any day. 
There are just too many things, to explain, when it rains, 
Guess it pours, yes it does, wish there wasn't any pain. 
But I can't pretend there ain't, I ain't placin' any blame, 
I ain't pointin' fingers, heaven knows i've never been a saint. 
I know it just feels like we just pissed away our history, 
But just today, I looked at your picture, almost if to say, 
I miss you self consciously, wish it didn't end this way. 
But I just had to get away, don't know why, 
I don't know what else to say, I guess I'm.. 

(refrain)

What is a nightmare? The dictionary tells us it is a terrifying dream, a nightmare 

I used to think I had bad luck, but I wasn't superstitious 
Till one day I grew suspicious, when I stepped on a crack on Aunt Edna's stoop 
And got pooped on by a group of stupid pigeons 
Then we flew the coop to Michigan to start a new be-ditching 
Missouri from Michigan didn't work 
So we moved back to Missouri from Michigan, from Missouri back to Michigan 
Someone put me out my misery, I can't do this again 
Mom please stick to a decision 
Discipline, last thing I wanna' do is listen she's like 
Lex Luthor, bitch, her rules are kryptonite 
To the walls and I've lost my power to see through them bitches
But I run into them, running through the kitchen 
Pretending to be blind, Superman 
Cos I had no supervision 
But I did have a super power though 
I could turn into invisible kid 
Disappear out of sight, like a true magician 
And one day uncle Ronnie brought over this new, but different 



Music into the picture and it become my new religion 
"I remember it clearly, even today" 
Move back to Michigan again, to live with my Grandma Ned 
Always itchin' for something to do, was flipping 
Through the radio stations one day
And discovered this DJ who was mixing 
I say it to this day, if you ain't listened to the wizard 
You ain't have a fucking clue what you was missing 
I'd zone out with my headphones, all I remember doing's wishing 
For shoes, fuck them stupid pumas bitch, it's all about them new edition 
You get the new LL Cool J 
Think I finally maneuvered to 8 Mile and [?Hoover] and somehow I found my future is in this 
That's how I know my mission 
Little boom box boomin', spitting 
Practicing numerous rhythms 
When I sit in my room envisioning my dreams come true for wishin' 
I remember Proof would visit 
Couldn't wait to play him my new shit, he'd go complete ballistic 
Go through the roof for his shit 
It's like we knew the instant 
We touched a mic that both of us two existed to do this shit 
Never quit, too persistent 

Started a group of misfits 
Proof had a proposition 
If we all brand together, there ain't no stopping this shit 
Come up with aliases, bipolar opposites and 
Be ready to come off the top as sharp position 
If you got dissed at the shop cause if they caught you slippin' 
They'd take your spot if someone got to rippin' you 
And you forgot your written 
Opportunity knocked us once, it ain't knocking again 
It tried dong ditching shit 
I fucking got that bitch in a headlock 
Cut off his oxygen Slim 
[??] 
Now I got my pot to piss in 

I'm in a league Muhammad's in 
All these [?] bombing them 
Probably end up on top of them 
Stomping them like Ndamukong 
I'm rushing at the 
Flow vomits in your face 
Competitors fall at my waist 
You spit a rhyme, I spit in a rhyme's face 
So name the time, place to battle 
Bitch I'm still in that mind state 
Don't make me step on you and make you wine grapes 
Cry babies, maybe my way that I use words is loose 
But you turds better be careful how you choose yours 
Cause feelings scar but egos bruise worse 
And the truth hurts, shit no wonder you're sore losers 
Ooh, no more trippin in bird shit, this songs a self empowerment surgeon 
Words of encouragement but this [?] 
The rap games God, but the name's not James Todd?, I'm just a wordsmith 
So let these words lift 
Cos all I got is bars for you dumbbells and doors ain't working out 
Each verse is more [?] than the first 
And you ain't got to wear no shoes and shirt in this beast? to get served 

They shall not escape my vengeance 

And I'm the kid with them ears like Dumbo's gone 
Word to Uncle Ron 
I'm turning into an unhumble Don 
You blind dumbos, all I got is dick for you to crumble on 
So stop the show, but I need a drum roll for I go on 
Better back away from the front row, get gone 
Bigger then Dikembe Mutumbo 
I'm the fucking jungle tron 
I'm a juggernaut, you do not wanna crumble, you bambacluts 
I'll leave you stretched out, like a fucking yard 
So mow the fucking lawn, your asses are blades of grass 
And I'm fucking up this whole landscape of rap 
The GOAT just ate eight acres, and ate the vet 
Who just make a path and take you straight to your favorite rapper 
Oh look, my notebook with smoke cook 
Like the flow stood a foot over the flame on the stove, soot 

Like oak wood was burning 

Return of the no good

Announcer: Meet Eddie, 23 years old.
Fed up with life,
And the way things are going,
He decides to rob a liquor store
But on his way in,
He has a sudden change of heart.
And suddenly,
His conscience comes into play
Dr. Dre: Alright, stop.
Now before you walk in the door
Of this liquor store
And try to get money out the drawer
You'd better think of the consequences.
Eddie: Who are you?
Dr. Dre: I'm your motherfuckin' conscience.
Eminem: That nonsense.
Go in; grab for the money,
then run to one of your aunt's cribs.
And borrow her damn dress
And one of her blonde wigs.



Tell 'er you need a place to stay
You'll be safe for days
If you shave yer legs
With Rene's razor blades
Dr. Dre: Yeah, but if it all goes through
Like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you
And they'll expose you.
Think about before you walk in the door, first.
Look at the store clerk,
She's older then George Burns
Eminem: Fuck that.
Do that shit.
Shoot that bitch
Can you afford to blow this shit?
Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies?
Are you that bitch?
You really think *she* gives a fuck
If you have kids?
Dr. Dre: Man, don't do it.
It's not worth it
To risk it.
Not over this shit.
Drop the bizket.
Don't even listen to Slim, yo.
He's bad for you.
Eminem: You know what, Dre?
I don't like your attitude.
Announcer: Meet Stan, 21 years old
After meeting a young girl at a rave party,
thing's start getting hot a heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
But, once again, his conscience comes into play.
Eminem: Now listen to me.
While yer kissin' her cheek
And smearin' her lipstick,
I'll slip this in her drink.
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe
Dr. Dre: Yo, this girls only 15 years old.
You shouldn't take advantage of her,
It's not fair.
Eminem: Yo, look at her bush,
Does it got hair?
Stan: Uh-huh.
Eminem: Fuck this bitch,
Right here on the spot
Bare.
'Till she passes out
And she forgot how she got there.
Dr. Dre: Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids.
Eminem: No, but I seen a porno with some Nubians.
Dr. Dre: Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?
Eminem: Man, fuck that
Get that shit balled off and bail.
Announcer: Meet Graddy, a 29 year-old construction worker.
After coming home from a hard day's work,
he walks in the door of his trailer park home
To find his wife in bed with another man.
Graddy: What the *fuck?*
Dr. Dre: Alright, calm down.
Relax
Start breathin'
Eminem: Fuck that shit.
You just caught this bitch cheatin'.
While you at work, she's with some dude
Tryin' ta get off?
*Fuck* slittin' her throat!
Cut this bitch's HEAD OFF!
Dr Dre: Wait,
Maybe there's an explanation for this shit.
Eminem: What?
She tripped,
Fell,
And landed on his dick?
Dr. Dre: Alright, Shady.
Maybe he's right, Graddy.
But think about the baby
Before you get all crazy.
Eminem: Okay, thought about it!
Still wanna stab her,
Grab her by the throat,
Get yer daughter,
And kidnap her?
That's what I did.
Be smart, don't be a retard.
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped D-Barns?
Dr. Dre: What'd you say?
Eminem: What's wrong?
Didn't think I remember?
Dr. Dre: I'm 'a kill you, motherfucker!

Présentateur: 
Là c'est Eddie, vingt trois ans. 
Il en a marre de la vie et de la manière dont les choses vont, 
Il décide de braquer un vendeur d'alcool. 
("Je ne peux pas en prendre plus, je ne peux pas en prendre plus") 
Mais alors qu'il y va, il a soudainement un changement de coeur. 
Et soudaiment, sa conscience arrive en jeu... 
("Merde c'est à moi, je vais le faire.. je vais le faire") 

Dr. Dre: 
C'est compris, arrête! (Huh?) 
Mais avant que tu ailles dans ce magasins d'alcool 
Et de voler l'argent 
Tu devrais réfléchir aux conséquences (Mais t'es qui?) 
Je suis ta putain de conscience 

Eminem: 
Ca n'a pas de sens! 
Allez, prend l'argent et va courir à toutes vitesses dans une des maison de ta tante 
Et prend lui une putain de robe, et aussi une de ces perruque blondes 



Dis lui qu'il te faut un endroit pour le moment 
Tu seras en sécurité quelques jours si tu te rases tes jambes avec un rasoir 

Dr. Dre: 
Ouais mais si tout ce passe comme supposé 
Le voisinage te connait et vont pas hésiter à te dénoncer 
Penses y en premier avant d'entrer
Regarde la caissière, elle est même plus vieille que George Burns 

Eminem: 
Tu t'en branles! Fais-le! Nique cette salope! 
T'as les moyens de payer tout ce bordel? T'es aussi riche? 
Qu'est-ce qu'on va en branler si elle meurt? T'es cette salope? 
Est-ce que tu crois qu'elle en a quelques choses à foutre si t'as des enfants? 

Dr. Dre: 
Gars, ne le fais pas, le risque n'en vaut pas la peine! (T'as raison!) 
Laisse tomber ce truc (Arrêtes!) Balance ce flingue (je le ferais!) 
C'est même pas la peine d'écouter Slim yo, il est mauvais pour toi 
(Tu sais quoi Dre? Je n'aime pas ton attitude..) 

("C'est compris allez, viens juste ici une minute") 
("Mmm, je ne sais pas!") 
("Regarde chérie..") 
("Merde!") 
("Yo, Ca va le faire, hein?") 
("Bien OK..") 

Présentateur: 
Voici Stan, vingt et un ans. ("Fais moi un bisou!") 
Après avoir rencontré une jeune fille à une rêve partie, 
Les choses commencent à devenir chaudes et ca se passe à l'étage dans une chambre. 
Une fois de plus, leur conscience entre en jeu... ("Merde!") 

Eminem: 
Ecoute moi, pendant que tu l'embrassais 
Et que tu lui mettais son rouge à lèvres, j'ai mis ça dans son vert 
Maintenant tout ce que tu dois faire c'est modre les oreilles de cette pute.. 
(Ouais! C'est fille n'a que quinze ans 
Tu ne devrais pas profiter d'elle, c'est pas réglo) 
Yo, regarde son matou.. c'est poilu? (Uh huh!) 
Encule cette pétasse sur ce fauteuil 
Jusqu'à ce qu'elle en puisse plus et jusqu'à ce qu'elle en oublie comment elle s'est retrouvé ici 
(Gars, t'as jamais vu le film _Kids_?) 
Non, mais j'ai vu le film porno SunDoobiest! 
(Putain, t'as envie de te retrouver en prison?) 
Gars t'en as rien à branler, nique la et barre toi.. 

Présentateur: 
Maintenant c'est Grady, un gars de vingt neuf ans qui est maçon. 
Après une dure journée de travail il revient chez lui, 
Il entre dans sa maison 
Pour trouver sa femme dans son lit avec un autre homme. 
("c'est quoi l'embrouille?!?!") 
("Grady!!") 

Dr. Dre: 
Cool, relax, respire.. 

Eminem: 
Tu t'en branles, t'as tout simplement vu cette pute en train de te faire cocu 
Alors que t'étais au boulot, elle se paye du bon temps avec d'autres types?! 
putain coupe lui la gorge, putain décapite la tete de cette pute!!! 

Dr. Dre: 
Attend! Il doit bien y avoir une explication? 
(Quoi? Elle a trébuché? Elle est tombé? Et à rattérit malencontresement sur sa bite?!) 
D'accord Shady, peut-être que Grady n'a pas tort 
Mais penses au bébé avant de péter un cable 

Eminem: 
Okay! On réfléchie, tu veux toujours la tuer? 
De l'étrangler, de prendre ta fille et t'en aller avec elle? 
C'est ce que j'ai fait, soit pas con, ne sois pas taré 
Tu vas prendre les conseille de quelqu'un qui a frappé dee barnes??! 

Dr. Dre: 
Qu'est-ce que tu dis? (Qu'est-ce qui va pas? Tu ne pensais tout de même pas que j'allais oublier?) 
Je vais te massacrer fils de pute! 

Eminem: 
Uhhh-aahh! A l'aide! 
Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? 
Mr. AK venant tout droit de Compton il n'y a pas meilleur? 
Et après tu veux dire à ce gars de ne pas être violent? 

Dr. Dre: 
Parce qu'il n'a pas besoin de tailler la même route que j'ai faite 
Où j'ai été, ou que j'ai fait.. et merde... 
Qu'est-ce que je raconte? Nique les tout les deux Grady, où est passé ton flingue?

[Eminem:] 
Feels like a close, it's coming to 
Fuck am I gonna do? 
It's too late to start over 
This is the only thing I, thing I know 

[Eminem:] 
Sometimes I feel like all I ever do is 
Find different ways to word the same, old song 
Ever since I came along 
From the day the song called "Hi! My Name Is" dropped 
Started thinking my name was fault 
Cause any time things went wrong
I was the one who they would blame it on 
The media made me the equivalent of a modern-day Genghis Khan 
Tried to argue it was only entertainment, dog 
Gangsta? Naw, courageous balls 
Had to change my style, they said I'm way too soft 
And I sound like AZ and Nas, out came the claws 
And the fangs been out since then 



But up until the instant that I've went against it 
It was ingrained in me that I wouldn't amount to a shitstain I thought 
No wonder I had to unlearn everything my brain was taught 
Do I really belong in this game? I pondered 
I just wanna play my part, should I make waves or not? 
So back and forth in my brain, the tug of war wages on 
And I don't wanna seem ungrateful or disrespect the artform I was raised upon 
But sometimes you gotta take a loss 
And have people rub it in your face before you get made pissed off 
And keep pluggin', it's your only outlet 
And your only outfit so you know they gonna talk about it 
Better find a way to counter it quick and make it, ah 
Feel like I've already said this a kabillion eighty times 
How many times can I say the same thing different ways that rhyme? 
What I really wanna say is if there's anyone else that can relate to my story 
Bet you feel the same way I felt when I was in the same place you are 
When I was afraid to… 

[Sia:] 
I was a... 
Afraid to make a single sound 
Afraid I will never find a way out 
Afraid I'd never be found 
I don't wanna go another round 
An angry man's power will shut you up 
Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love 
Run out of excuses for everyone 
So here I am and I will not run 
Guts over fear (the time is near) 
Guts over fear (I shed a tear) 
For all the times I let you push me around 
And let you keep me down 
Now I got guts over fear, guts over fear 

[Eminem:] 
Feels like a close, it's coming to 
Fuck am I gonna do? 
It's too late to start over 
This is the only thing I, thing I know 

[Eminem:] 
I know what it's like, I was there once, single parents 
Hate your appearance, did you struggle to find your place in this world? 
And the pain spawns all the anger on 
But it wasn't until I put the pain in songs learned who to aim it on 
That I made a spark, started to spit hard as shit 
Learned how to harness it while the reins were off 
And there was a lot of bizarre shit, but the crazy part 
Was soon as I stopped saying "I gave a fuck" 
Haters started to appreciate my art
And it just breaks my heart to look at all the pain I've caused 
But what am I gonna do when the rage is gone? 
And the lights go out in that trailer park? 
And the window is closing and there's nowhere else that I can go with flows 
And I'm frozen cause there's no more emotion for me to pull from 
Just a bunch of playful songs that I made for fun 
So to the break of dawn here I go recycling the same, old song 
But I'd rather make "Not Afraid 2" than make another motherfucking "We Made You", uh 
Now I don't wanna seem indulgent when I discuss my lows and my highs 
My demise and my uprise, pray to God 
I just opened enough eyes later on
Gave you the supplies and the tools to hopefully use it to make you strong 
Enough to lift yourself up when you feel like I felt 
Cause I can't explain to y'all how dang exhausted my legs felt 
Just having to balance my dang self 
When on eggshells I was made to walk 
But thank you, ma, 'cause that gave me the 
Strength to cause Shady-mania, 
So when they empty that stadium 
At least I made it out of that house and a found a place in this world when the day was done 
So this is for every kid who all's they ever did was dreamt of one day just getting accepted 
I represent him or her, anyone similar, you are the reason that I made this song 
And everything you're scared to say don't be afraid to say no more 
From this day forward, just let them a-holes talk 
Take it with a grain of salt and eat their fucking faces off 
The legend of the angry blonde lives on through you when I'm gone 
And to think I was... gone 

[Sia:] 
I was a... 
Afraid to make a single sound 
Afraid I will never find a way o-o-out 
Afraid I'd never be found 
I don't wanna go another round 
An angry man's power will shut you up 
Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love 
Run out of excuses for everyone 
So here I am and I will not run 
Guts over fear (the time is near) 
Guts over fear (I shed a tear) 
For all the times I let you push me around 
And let you keep me down 
Now I got, guts over fear, guts over fear 


[Eminem] 
On dirait que la fin... arrive à grand pas 
Que vais-je faire ? 
Il est trop tard pour revenir en arrière 
C'est la seule chose dont je suis sur 

[Eminem] 
Parfois j'ai l'impression que la seule chose que je fais est... 
de faire rimer des mots différents mais au final cela revient au même
Depuis le jour ou j'ai émergé 
Lorsque "My Name Is" a fait son entrée 
J'ai commencé à penser que mon nom rime avec blâme 
Car à la moindre controverse, je suis celui sur qui on pointait le doigt 
Les médias ont fait de moi un Genghis Kahn des temps modernes
Du divertissement ? Gangster ? Ni l'un ni l'autre, simplement un mec avec ses tripes 
J'ai dû changer mon style, ils disaient que j'étais trop déprimé 
Et que mes rimes avait la même technique qu'AZ et Nas, de là j'ai sorti les griffes 
Et tout a changé sur ma façon d'être 
Je devais me battre contre le présent, et c'était précisément le présent qui me définissait 
Je me dévisageais comme une sous-merde 



Et tu te demandes pourquoi j'ai voulu oublier la façon dont on m'a traité ? 
"Et ce que j'ai ma place dans ce monde ?" voilà ce qu'il y avait dans ma petite tête 
Je veux simplement jouer mon rôle, devrais-je faire des vagues ou non ? 
Une bataille fait rage dans mon cerveau entre le garçon qui souhaite respecter l'art dans lequel il a grandi 
Et celui qui rêve de victoire 
Mais tu dois connaître la défaite et être humilié avant de pouvoir crier vengeance 
C'est ma voie, c'est la seule que je connais 
Celle qui me va comme un gant, alors il fut logique que j'allais faire parler de moi 
Transformer mon passé en arme, c'est toute ma vie... ahhh ! 
J'ai l'impression de l'avoir dit un million de fois 
Combien de fois puis-je dire la même chose mais différemment ? 
Ce que je veux dire, y-a t' il quelqu'un d'autre qui se sentir concerné par mon histoire ? 
J'imagine que tu te sens de la même façon dont laquelle je me sentais quand j'étais à ta place, quand j'avais... 

[ Sia] 
Peur de faire le moindre bruit 
Peur de ne jamais trouver ma route de sortie 
Peur... je n'y pense pas 
Je ne veux pas sombrer à nouveau 
Le pouvoir d'un homme en colère va t'enterrer 
La méfiance dans cette maison va couper notre amour 
Chercher sans cesse des excuses, creuser sa propre tombe 
Je ne fuirais pas 
Les tripes au lieu de la peur, il est l'heure 
Les tripes au lieu de la peur, je ne broncherais pas 
Pour toutes les fois où tu m'as pris à parti et roué 
Les tripes avant la peur 

[Eminem] 
On dirait que la fin... arrive à grand pas 
Que vais-je faire ? 
Il est trop tard pour revenir en arrière 
C'est la seule chose dont je suis sur 

[Eminem] 
J'ai l'impression d'être fait pour être unique : je n'ai qu'un seul parent 
Je haïs ce que je vois dans le miroir, est-ce que tu as du mal à trouver ta place dans ce monde ? 
Et la douleur est le premier symptôme avant la haine 
Et ce n'est qu'au moment ou j'ai capturé la douleur dans mes chansons que j'ai appris à la canaliser 
J'ai appris à la chevaucher alors que les rênes étaient hors de contrôle 
Ma vie est un synonyme pour étrange, mais le plus ironique 
C'est quand j'ai arrêté de dire que j'en avais quelque chose à foutre 
Que mes détracteurs se sont mis à apprécier mon art 
Et ça m'a brisé le cœur de voir toute la douleur que j'avais causé à mon tour 
Mais qu'est-ce que je deviendrais quand ma rage aura disparu ? 
La lumière n'est plus dans ce *mobile home* 
Et la *fenêtre* d'opportunité en vient à se fermer 
De la glace coule dans mes veines, il n'y a plus d'émotions à faire partager 
Si ce n'est des "hits" pour répondre présent 
Alors comme échappatoire je me mets à recycler mes vieux textes 
Pourtant je préférais faire "Not Afraid 2" plutôt qu'un putain de "We Made You" 
Mais je ne veux pas sonner prétentieux quand je partage mes mérites et mes fautes 
Mes yeux froids se sont levés vers le ciel sans conviction, ils ne se sont ouvert que par la suite 
Pour te donner le relai et te rendre plus fort, suffisamment pour t'élever si tu partages ma vision 
Il n'y pas de mot pour décrire à quel point mes *jambes* étaient fébriles 
Simplement pour que je sois *équilibré*, marcher sur ces orties qui font pourtant parti de ma propre nature 
Merci maman, car ça m'a donné la force de provoquer ce séisme Shady à travers le monde 
Au moins j'ai réussi à m'échapper de cette maison et trouver ma place ici bas avant l'aube 
Ceci est pour quiconque qui ne font que rêver du jour où ils seront finalement accepté 
Je le représente lui ou elle, vous êtes la raison pour laquelle j'ai fait cette chanson 
Tout ce dont vous avez peur de dire, n'ayez plus aucune peur de le dire 
Dès ce jour jusqu'à jamais, laisser les connards parler, avaler leurs paroles religieusement juste pour pouvoir la recracher sur eux 
La légende du blond fou de rage vit à travers vous quand j'aurais quitter ce monde 
Et dire que j'avais 

[ Sia] 
Peur de faire le moindre bruit 
Peur de ne jamais trouver ma route de sortie 
Peur... je n'y pense pas 
Je ne veux pas sombrer à nouveau 
Le pouvoir d'un homme en colère va t'enterrer 
La méfiance dans cette maison va couper notre amour 
Chercher sans cesse des excuses, creuser sa propre tombe 
Je ne fuirais pas 
Les tripes au lieu de la peur, il est l'heure 
Les tripes au lieu de la peur, je ne broncherais pas 
Pour toutes les fois où tu m'as pris à parti et roué 
Les tripes avant la peur 




[Erv Gotti] 
Everybody wants to make comparisons to Pac, and X, and me, YALL NIGGAZ want to see Pac come back? You want to see this shit? He's in, he's here. 

[Eminem] 
Makaveli rest in peace 
Irv Gotti, too much Bacardi in his body 
Mouth like a .12 gauge shotti 

[2x] 

(HAIL MARY} Come get me 
If you mothafuckers want Shady 
{Background: 
And ja said he shall be the lost begotten seed of 2pac 
To lead this industry into the ways of the man 
Follow me 
Keep my mesh vest as pacs vest} 
If Pac was still here now, 



He would never ride with Ja, 
na na na na na na na na 

[Eminem] 
You ain't no killa, you a pussy 
That exstacy dun' got you all emotional and moushy 
Bitches wearin rags in photos, Ja's words bein quoted 
In the SOURCE, stealin 'Pac's shit like he just wrote it 
You loud mouth, pray to God, hopin no one's listenin 
See 50 comin for me, Oh my God my, my position 
No one pays attention 
To me, please Gotti, here I go 
Gimme this pill, exstacy dun' got me feelin so 
Invincible 
Now all of a sudden I'm a fuckin mad man who screams 
Like I'm 'Pac but I'm not, enemies, Hennesy 
Actin like I'm great, but I'm fake, I'm CRAZY 
Sweat drip, get me off this trip, someone stop this train 
Some say my brain is all corrupted, fucked from this shit 
I'm stuck, I'm addicted to these drugs, I'ma quit 
Sayin mothafucka's name's before somebody fucks me up 
Ain't no pussies over here, partner, see you hell, fucker 

[Eminem & Busta in background] 
Come get me 
Motherfucker, If you want Shady 
If Pac was still here now, 
He would never ride with Ja 
Na, na, na, na ,na, na, na, na 

Get off that E 
Before you try to come and fuck with me 
It's Aftermath here now 
Shady Records got it locked 
La, la, la, la , la, la, la, la 

[50 Cent] 
Penatenturies is packed with promise makers 
Never realized the precious time them bitch niggas is wastin 
Insitutionalize, my bitches bring me product by the bundles 
Hustle hard from the cell, G-Unit mothafucka, WE BALLIN 
Catch me count trees and when I'm callin 
Can you set my car, Ceo let me sip on Henessy, "Can I sip some more?" 
Hell, I done been in jail, I ain't scared 
Momma checkin in my bedroom, I ain't there 
I got a head with no screws in it 
Mothafuckas thinkin they can stop 50... they losin it 
Lil' nigga named Ja, think he live like me 
Talkin about he left the hospital, took 9 like me 
You live in fantasies nigga 
I rejected deposit 
When your lil sweet ass goin come out of the closet 
now he wonderin why DMX blowed him out 
next time grown folks talkin bitch close your mouth 
Peep me, I take this war shit deeply 
Seen too many real niggas ballin let these bitch niggas beat me 
yous a mothafuckin punk and you dont see me with gloves 
quit scarin them fuckin kids with ya ugly ass mug 
and you can tell them niggas you roll with whatever you want 
but you and i know whats goin on 
Nigga pay back Tah, I know your bitch ass from way back 
Witness be strap with max You know I don't play that 
All these old rappers tryin to advance its all over now -- take it like a man 
HAHA--Irv lookin like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick 
tryin to playa hate on my shit- Made of fat dick 
Lovin this shit thats how you made me 
feelin like I got you niggas crazy (Uh huh) 
Against all odds up with my thug mothafuckas know 
This'll be the realist shit I ever wrote 
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin blow to the truest shit i ever spoke, 21 gun salute 

[(Fades in) Busta Rhymes:] 
Hey yo I've been one of the most humble, rep the streets to the core
Hey Jeffrey, What the fuck you come involvin me for? 
It's been a long time comin like a bless and a check 
you see 106 and park fans don't even fuckin respect you 
Its kinda funny wanna be Pac, wanna fake like he thug 
runnin around talkin shit that he ain't capable of 
now let me OFF this cock sucka watch me handle you nigga 
If i recall Violator used to manage you nigga 
then took a closer look and realized you was an impostor theres never been a Violator on a Murda Inc 
roster. 
Dumb ass Now who shoot?-- I made you look, you said Bus' singin the same ol' hook, 
You Stupid if yall shootin' I take a look at ya man tha bitch shot himself in front of Def Jam 
Chedda Bob ass niggaz start adjustin ya plan 
you let the streets down nigga 'pologize to ya fans 
watch ya pull a lil stunt like we ain't know what it was 
Lil faggot desperate tryin to re-establish a buzz I know tha shit is drivin you crazy You wonderin how
The streets ain't never want you Beatrice what you gonna do now? 
Now if you wanna beef with me, then i'm beefin with you 
I think about tha game and what its like AH--WHAT WOULD IT BE WITHOUT YOU 
You finished I ain't tryin to repeat this just because I'm cool shouldn' take my kindness for weakness (50 laughs: Oh shit) 

[Busta speakin] 
It was fine Next time you got a problem mate, Address me 
before you try to make tha shit a public issue homie, Now i'ma return back to my regular self 
and have fun again 

[50 Cent Outro] 
Hahaha, BITCH! 
Haha, outlawz 
Makaveli's dog 
said you want to be tupac mother fucker 
Tupac shoes to big for you to walk in you lil' faggot 

{2pac} 
BUT, WHO DO WE HAVE HERE NOW! 




yo, I can't sing good 
I feel like singin' 
I wanna fuckin' sing 
'Cuz I'm happy 
Yeah, I'm happy 
Ha Ha 
I got my baby back 
Yo, check it out 


Some days I sit (sit), starin' out the window(dow) 
Watchin' this world pass me by 
Sometimes I think (think) there's nothin' to live for (for) 
I almost break down and cry 

Sometimes I think I'm crazy 
I'm crazy, oh so crazy 
Why am I here, am I just wastin' my time? 

But then I see my baby 



Suddenly I'm not crazy 
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes (Oh no) 

Chorus: 

Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders 
Everyone's leanin' on me 
'Cuz sometimes it feels like the world's almost over 
But then she comes back to me 


My baby girl (girl) (Hailie laughs) keeps gettin' older (der) 
I watch her grow up with pride 
People make jokes (jokes), 'cuz they don't understand me (me) 
They just don't see my real side 

I act like shit don't phase me 
Inside it drives me crazy 
My insecurities could eat me alive 

But then I see my baby 
Suddenly I'm not crazy 
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes (oh no) 

Repeat Chorus 



Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singin' this song to my daughter 
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow somethin' as long as my father 
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got 'er 
God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't ABORT her 

Now you prob'ly get this picture from my public persona 
That I'm a pistol-packin' drug-addict who bags on his mama 
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest 
'Cuz there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' ma soul 
And just know that I grow colda the older I grow 
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harda to hold 
And this load is like the weight of the world 
And I think my neck is breakin' 
Should I just give up 
Or try to live up to these expectations? 
Now look 
I love my daughter more than life n' itself 
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell 
But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt 
So many chances, man, it's too bad, coulda had someone else 
But the years that I've wasted is nothin' to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm facin', 3 felonies, 6 years of probation 
I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman 
I've taken bats to people's backs, bent over backwards for this woman 
Man, I shoulda seen it comin', what'd I stick my penis up in? 
Woulda ripped the pre-nup up if I'd seen what she was fuckin' 
But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more 
I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore, Hailie 
So sayonara, try tomorra, nice to know ya 
My baby's traveled back to the arms of her rightful owner 
And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted 
It's like the greatest gift you can get 
The weight has been lifted 

Chorus 2: 
And now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders 
Everyone's leanin' on me 
Cuz' my baby knows that her daddy's her soldier 
Nothin' can take her from me 

Outro - Spoken 
Woo! 
I told you I can't sing 
Oh well, I tried 
Hailie, remember when I said 
If you ever need anything, daddy will be right there? 
Well guess what, daddy's here 
And I ain't goin' nowhere baby 
I love you (kiss) 




Yo, je ne chante pas bien 
J'ai envie de chanter 
Je veux chanter, putain 
Parce que je suis heureux 

Ouais, je suis heureux 
Ha ha 
J'ai à nouveau ma petite 
Yo, écoute ça 

Il y a des jours où je reste assis à regarder par la fenêtre, 
Où je regarde ce monde continuer sans moi 
Parfois, je me dis qu'il n'y a aucune raison pour moi de vivre, 
Je m'effondre presque en sanglots 
Parfois, je me dis que je suis cinglé
Je suis cinglé, oh, tellement cinglé 
Pourquoi suis-je ici, est-ce que je perds mon temps? 
Mais ensuite je vois ma petite 
Tout à coup, je ne suis plus cinglé 
Tout a un sens lorsque je regarde dans ses yeux (Oh, non) 




Parfois, j'ai l'impression que le monde repose sur mes épaules, que tout le monde s'appuie sur moi 
Car parfois, j'ai l'impression que la fin du monde est proche, mais alors elle revient me voir 

Ma petite fille ne cesse de vieillir, 
Je la regarde grandir avec fierté 
Les gens plaisantent, parce qu'ils ne me comprennent pas, 
Ils ne voient pas qui je suis vraiment 
J'agis comme une merde, ne me dérange pas 
À l'intérieur, ça me rend fou 
Mes insécurités pourraient me dévorer vivant 
Mais ensuite je vois ma petite 
Tout à coup, je ne suis plus cinglé 
Tout a un sens lorsque je regarde dans ses yeux (Oh, non) 

Parfois, j'ai l'impression que le monde repose sur mes épaules, que tout le monde s'appuie sur moi 
Car parfois, j'ai l'impression que la fin du monde est proche, mais alors elle revient me voir 

Mec, si je pouvais chanter, je continuerais à chanter cette chanson pour ma fille 
Si je pouvais atteindre la bonne note, je soufflerais quelque chose aussi longtemps que mon père, pour lui montrer ce que je ressens pour elle, comment je suis fier de l'avoir 
Mon Dieu, je suis père, je suis si content que sa mère ne l'est pas fait [avorter] 
Bon, à en juger par mon personnage, tu penses sûrement que je suis un toxico qui se balade avec un flingue en critiquant sa mère 
Mais je veux seulement prendre un moment pour être tout à fait honnête, car il y a pas mal de merde que je garde enfouie en moi et qui me blesse profondément dans mon âme 
Et sache que plus je vieillis, plus je me sens froid 
Ce fardeau sur mes épaules devient lourd et difficile à porter 
Et cette charge, c'est comme le poids du monde entier 
Et je crois que je vais me briser le cou 
Devrais-je simplement abandonner, 
Ou bien essayer de remplir toutes ces attentes? 
Maintenant, écoute 
J'aime ma fille plus que la vie elle-même 

Mais j'ai une femme déterminée à faire de ma vie un enfer, 
Mais je m'en tire plutôt bien, étant données les circonstances 
Tant de chances, mec, dommage, j'aurais pu en avoir une autre, mais les années que j'ai gaspillées ne sont rien à côté des larmes que j'ai goûtées 
Alors voilà ce à quoi je suis confronté: 3 crimes, 6 ans de probation 
Je suis allé en prison pour cette femme, j'ai parlé en sa faveur 
J'ai parlé pour elle dans le dos d'autres gens, je me suis plié en quatre pour cette femme 
Mec, j'aurais dû le voir venir, pourquoi je suis allé y foutre mon pénis? 
J'aurais déchiré le contrat de mariage si j'avais vu ce qu'elle manigançait, putain 
Et puis merde, c'est terminé, il ne sert plus à rien de pleure 
J'ai ma petite, peut-être la seule dame que j'adore, Hailie 
Alors au revoir, réessaie demain, heureux de te connaître 
Notre petite est revenue dans les bras de celui à qui elle appartient vraiment 
Et tout à coup, on dirait que mes épaules sont plus légères 
C'est le plus grand cadeau que tu puisses recevoir 
Le poids a été retiré, et maintenant, je n'ai pas l'impression de porter le monde sur mes épaules 
Car ma petite sait que son père est un soldat, 
Rien ne pourrait me l'enlever 

Whoa! 
Je t'ai dit que je ne savais pas chanter 
Mais bon, j'ai essayé 
Hailie, tu te souviens quand je t'ai dit 

Que si tu as besoin de quoi que ce soit, papa est juste là? 
Et bien, devine quoi? Papa est là 
Et je ne vais nulle part, chérie 
Je t'aime

Mom, I know I let you down 
And though you say the days are happy 
Why is the power off, and I'm fucked up? 
And mom, I know he's not around 
But don't you place the blame on me 
As you pour yourself another drink 

I guess we are who we are 
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on 
Maybe we took this too far 

I went in headfirst 
Never thinking about who what I said hurt, in what verse 
My mom probably got it the worst 
The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are 
Did I take it too far? 
Cleaning out my closet and all them other songs 
But regardless I don't hate you cause ma! 
You're still beautiful to me, cause you're my mom 
Though far be it for you to be calling, my house was Vietnam 



Desert Storm and both of us put together can form an atomic bomb
Equivalent to Chemical warfare 
And forever we can drag this on and on 
But, agree to disagree 
That gift from me up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me 
You're kicking me out? It's 15 degrees and it's Christmas Eve 
(little prick just leave) ma, let me grab my fucking coat 
Anything to have each other's goats, why we always at each others throats? 
Especially when dad, he fucked us both 
We're in the same fucking boat 
You'd think that it'd make us close (nope) 
Further away that drove us, but together headlights shine 
A car full of belongings 
Still got a ways to go, back 
To grandma's 
House it's straight up the road 
And I was the man of the house, the oldest 
So my shoulders carried the weight 
Of the load 
Then Nate got taken away by the state at 8 years old, and 
That's when I realized you were sick and it wasn't fixable or changable 
And to this day we remained estranged and I hate it though, but

I guess we are who we are 
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on 
Maybe we took this too far 

Cause to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though 
Cause you ain't even get to witness your grand baby's growth 
But I'm sorry mama for Cleaning Out My Closet, at the time I was angry 
Rightfully maybe so, never meant that far to take it though, cause 
Now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not making jokes 
That song I no longer play at shows and I cringe every time it's on the radio 
And I think of Nathan being placed in a home 
And all the medicine you fed us 
And how I just wanted you to taste your own, but 
Now the medications taken over and your mental states deteriorating slow 
And I'm way too old to cry, that shit's painful though 
But ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan yo 
All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both 
Foster care, that cross you bare, few may be as heavy as yours 
But I love you Debbie Mathers, oh what a tangled web we have, cause 
One thing I never asked was where the fuck my deadbeat dad was 
Fuck it I guess he had trouble keeping up with every address 
But I'd have flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus 
Own a collection of maps and followed my kids to the edge of the atlas 
Someone ever moved them from me? That you could bet your ass's 
If I had to come down the chimney dressed as Santa, kidnap them 
And although one has met their grandma 
Once you pulled up in our drive one nights 
As we were leaving to get some hamburgers 
Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you 
And as you left I had this overwhelming sadness come over me 
As we pulled off to go our separate paths, and 
I saw your headlights as I looked back 
And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to thank you for being my Mom and my Dad 
So Mom, please accept this as a tribute I wrote this on the jet 
I guess I had to get this off my chest 
I hope I get the chance to lay it before I'm dead 
The stewardess said to fasten my seatbelt, I guess we're crashing 
So if I'm not dreaming, I hope you this message 
That I'll always love you from afar, cause you're my mama... 

I guess we are who we are 
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on 
Maybe we took this too far 

I want a new life 
One without a cause 
So I'm coming home tonight 
Well 
No matter what the cost 
And if the plane goes down 
And if the crew can't wake me up 
Just know that I was alright 
And I was not afraid to die 
Even if there's songs to sing 
My children will carry me 
Just know that I'm 
Alright 
I was not afraid to die 
Because I put my faith in my new girl 
So I never say goodbye cruel world
Just know that I'm alright 
I am not 
Afraid to die 

I guess we are who we are 
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on 
Maybe we took this too far

[Nate Reuss] 
Maman, je sais que je t'ai laissée 
Et même si tu dis que le pire est passé pourquoi la lumière est éteinte, et je suis si bousillé 
Et maman, je sais qu'il n'est pas là 
Mais ne me rejette pas la faute alors que tu te sers un autre verre 

J'imagine que nous ne sommes que ce que nous sommes 
Les phares brillent dans la nuit tandis que je pars de mon côté 
Peut-être que c'est allé trop loin 

[Eminem] 
J'ai laissé parler mes pulsions 
Sans jamais penser qu'elles seront les répercutions de mes rimes 
Ma mère a probablement reçu le pire 
De ma rancœur, aussi têtus que nous puissions être 
Est-ce que je suis allé trop loin ? 
"Cleaning Out My Closet" et tous mes autres textes 
Mais au final je ne te haïs pas car maman... 
Tu restes belle à mes yeux, car tu es ma mère 
Bien que cela remonte à loin, j'ai toujours cette sensation que ma maison était le Vietnam 



"Tempête du Désert" était le nom de notre rue et à nous deux nous étions une bombe à retardement 
Et à jamais nous pourrions ramener sur le tapis nos histoires 
Que tu le veuilles ou non 
Ce cadeau que je t'ai offert sous l'arbre de Noël n'a eu aucune valeur à tes yeux 
Tu me mets dehors ? Il fait un froid glacial et nous sommes le soir de Noël ("Sale gosse vas-t'en")
"Maman, laisse-moi prendre mon manteau", nous faisions tout pour nous battre 
Pourquoi nous ne pouvions nous empêcher de nous blesser l'un l'autre ? Qu'en est t-il de mon père... il nous a abandonné tous les deux 
Nous étions sur le même navire, on pourrait penser que cela nous aurait rapproché (non) 
Nous nous poussions loin de l'autre, même ensemble les étincelles nous auraient aveuglés 
Je n'avais pas d'autre choix que de faire le mur pour chercher un toit chez grand-mère, avec comme seule compagnie l'obscurité 
J'étais l'homme de la maison, je devais assumer ce rôle, mes épaules fragiles devaient porter le poids de cette responsabilité 
Puis Nate t'as été enlevé par la loi alors qu'il n'avait que 8 ans (1) 
Alors j'ai réalisé que tu étais malade (ndlr : folle) et ce n'était pas une chose que l'on pourrait changer 
Et depuis ce jour nous sommes devenus des étrangers l'un pour l'autre, cette situation était insoutenable, mais 

J'imagine que nous ne sommes que ce que nous sommes 
Les phares brillent dans la nuit tandis que je pars de mon côté 
Peut-être que c'est allé trop loin 

[Eminem] 
Jusqu'à ce jour nous sommes toujours étranger face à l'autre 
Tu n'as pas eu l'occasion de voir ta petite fille grandir 
Je suis désolé d'avoir "vidé mon sac", à cette époque la rage avait raison de moi 
Et sûrement à juste titre, mais je ne peux m'empêcher de me demander si je suis allé trop loin 
Dorénavant je sais que ce n'est pas ta faute, et cette fois je ne suis pas sarcastique 
Ce titre que je ne vais plus chanter, aujourd'hui je grince à chaque fois que je l'entends à la radio 
Et je pense à Nathan qui a été placé en famille d'accueil 
Et à tous les médicaments avec lesquels tu nous as nourri 
Je voulais te faire goûter à ta propre médecine 
Maintenant ta médication a pris le pas... ton état se détériore lentement 
Et je suis trop grand pour pleurer, ça n'empêche pas de me sentir blessé 
Mais maman, je te pardonne, tout comme Nathan 
Malgré tout ce que tu as fait, ce que tu as dit... tu as fait du mieux pour nous élever seule 
Les aides aux enfants maltraités, cette ligne que tu as franchie, ce n'est peut-être que peu face à ce que tu as dû endurer 
Je t'aime Debbie Mathers, oh dans quel cercle vicieux nous nous sommes piégés 
Il y a une chose que je n'ai jamais demandé "où était mon bon à rien de père ??" 
Qu'il crève, j'imagine qu'il avait des problèmes pour trouver la bonne adresse 
J'aurais, à sa place, retourné chaque matelas, chaque rochers, chercher jusqu'à m'effondrer 
(J'aurais) eu une collection de cartes afin de retrouver mes enfants jusqu'à la limite de l'Atlas 
Si quelqu'un me les avait enlevés, alors tu peux être sûr 
Que j'aurais pu descendre dans une cheminée déguisé en Père Noël pour les récupérer 
Un seul d'entre eux t'a rencontré 
Nate et moi nous t'avons présenté à elle, pris dans tes bras 
Et aussitôt que tu es parti j'ai senti cette indescriptible tristesse m’envahir 
Une fois que nous sommes allés sur des routes séparées 
Je n'ai vu que la silhouette de tes phares et j'ai détourné le regard 
Et je m'en veux car je n'ai jamais eu la chance de te remercier d'avoir été ma mère et mon père 
Alors maman, s'il te plait accepte cet hommage que j'ai écrit dans l'avion 
J'imagine que je devais me vider de ce poids, j'espérais avoir la chance de te la déclarer avant qu'il ne soit trop tard 
Le pilote nous a dit de nous accrocher à notre siège, j'imagine que nous allons nous crasher 
Alors si ce n'est pas un rêve, j'espère que ce message demeura 
Je t'aimerai même dans l'au-delà car tu es ma mère 

J'imagine que nous ne sommes que ce que nous sommes 
Les phares brillent dans la nuit tandis que je pars de mon côté 
Peut-être que c'est allé trop loin 

Je veux une nouvelle vie 
Une sans cause 
Alors je rentre à la maison ce soir 
Peu importe ce que ça coûtera 
Et si l'avion tombe 
Et si l'équipage ne peut pas me réveiller 
Simplement sache que j'allais mieux 
Et que je n'avais pas peur de mourir 
Même si un requiem doit être chanté 
Mes enfants me porteront 
Simplement sache que je vais mieux 
Je n'avais pas peur de mourir 
Parce que je plaçais ma foi en mes filles 
Alors je ne dirai plus jamais adieu monde cruel 
Simplement sache que je vais mieux 
Je n'ai pas peur de mourir 

J'imagine que nous ne sommes que ce que nous sommes 
Les phares brillent dans la nuit tandis que je pars de mon côté 
Peut-être que c'est allé trop loin



[Announcer] 
Welcome back, to the stage of history 

[Eminem] 
Yo.. Slim Shady! 
Yo.. I'll fuckin.. I'll.. 
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww) 
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you 
would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you 
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe 
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse 
you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you 
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal 
I ain't tryin to shoot you, 
I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you 
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass 
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress 



Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!) 
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis 
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket 
to fill it full of explosive gasses 
and close it back with a lit match in it 
while I sit back and just hope it catches 
Blow you to fragments 
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes 

[Chorus: J-Black (repeat 2X)] 

I see the light at the end 
But every time I take a step, it gets dim 
Tell me is this hell we're livin in? 
If so, heaven's got to be better 
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down 

[J-Black] 
Am I the worst? Because I, never go to church (never) 
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse 
I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc 
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot 
One day we all gon' die 
But when I die, I'ma be so high 
that I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare 
with the chalk outline still there 
I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot 
I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock 
Now if I pray everynight (night) 
Do I still have to hold my trey very tight? 
You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth 
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse 
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse 
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk 
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Nordface 
Nickle nine at my waist, God done lost faith 
Angels greet me but I don't reply back 
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at? 

[Chorus 1/2] 

[Announcer] 
Maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns 
Final battle, fight! 

[Masta Ace] 
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso 
Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso 
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger 
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger 
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound 
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds 
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger 
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her 
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her 
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager 
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel 
My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel 
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder 
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder 
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare 
Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care 

[Chorus] 

[J-Black] 
But every time I take a step, it gets dim.. 
Tell me is this hell we're livin in? 
Haha.. 

[Announcer] 
Time's up! 
You lose! 






[Intro] 
So i changed, huh 
You got a phone, 
Pick it up, call me 

[Chorus:] 
How come, we don't even talk no more, 
And you don't even call no more, 
We don't barely keep in touch at all, 
And I don't even feel the same love when we hug no mo', 
And I heard it through the grape vine we even beefin' now, 
After all the years we've been down, 
Ain't no way, no how, 
This bullshit can't be true, 
We family, aint a damn thing change unless it's you 

[Verse One] 
We were so young, 



So full of life and vibrance, 
Side by side wherever you was ridin', I went, 
So close almost was some Bonnie and Clyde shit, 
When Ronnie died you was right by my side, 
With a shoulder to cry on and a tissue to wipe my eyes, 
And a bucket to catch every tear I cried inside it, 
You even had the same type of childhood I did, 
Sometimes I just wanna know why,
Is it that you sur-came to yours, 
And mine I survived it, 
You ran the streets I nine to fived it, 
We grew up, grew apart this time went by us, 
Then I blew up to both yours and mine surprises, 
Now I feel the vibe I just cant describe it, 
Much as your pride tries to hide it, 
You're cold your touch is just like ice, 
And your eyes is the look of resentment, 
I can sense it and I don't like it 

[Chorus] 

(Kon Artis) 

[Verse Two] 
It was my dream at first to be all spittin the verse, 
On my own album with a deal but shit got worse, 
So I came out I would'a socked somebody first, 
'Fore I let him disrespect me, 
Or check me up with somethin' worse, 
Some shit that I wasn't with, 
I would'a hit her to would'a quit, 
But you were plain talkin' to her, 
And tell her she was the shit, 
I told you don't get involved with her, 
You were smoking the cron'c with her, 
Coming out'a the bar with her, 
Stumblin' half drunk, 
Like y'all husband or wife or somthin', 
But me catchin' her kissin other guys, 
Must've hurt your pride or somthin', 
'Cause you wolf I fit them after people, 
Like you want it with me, 
When all I tried to do is show you that your girl was shifty, 
And lyrics is the fans and all the shit that I produce, 
You actin' like I ain't your man, 
And lyin' like she can't be loose, 
But I am really your friend, 
I'm just trying to tell you the truth,
Don't hate the game or the playa', 
The one that's changin is you 

[Chorus] 

(Proof) 

[Verse Three] 

We gettin lonely at the top 
cuz my homie had to stop 
now we actin like i gotta live only for the block 
and homies in the hood only see me on the tube 
so they gossip on the porch, get ta speakin all rude 
fools i used to rap with, all expect magic 
like my finger get ta snappin and *poof* it just happen 
but Proof its just actin, at the party were stoned 
shady made it so my babys aint starvin at home 
see the devil in your grin, since the ghetto we been friends 
forever, real intelligence, thats forever till the end 
I peep the hatred in your eyes and the Satan in your lies 
aint wastin my time with these snakes in disguise 
(How come) when you talk its with bitter respite 
(And how come) its my fault for what you did with your life 
and every time i go to hear you and play you look away 
we barely embrace, you cant even look me in my face 

(Chorus) 






Your mother, you fuckin faggot 

La da da, da da da, da da (repeated) 

Aiyo, this next song is dedicated to the memory of Erik Shrody 
Rest in peace, we aint forget about you, you fuckin homo 
We still remember 

There once was a man who liked to jump around (jump around) 
But he got too old to jump up and down (up and down) 
(so then what happened?) 
So he put the mic down and picked the guitar up (picked the guitar up) 
(and then he what?) 
Started singin the blues like there no tomorrow (no tomorrow) 
(come on) Left his boys in the house of pain (the house of pain) 
It was the wisest decision he ever made (ever made) 
But the dumbest thing he could ever do (could ever do) 
Was try to buck a 380 on those who act shady 



Tell me now what you gonna do (now what you gonna do) 

[chorus] 
Cause I remember all those years 
How it was when you were here 
I remember how it was, how it was when you were young 
Yesterday was so long ago (long ago) 
Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now 
Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more 

I remember back when you had The Knack (had the knack) 
And i remember when you had your first heart attack (heart attack) 
I was right there laughin when I heard the news (heard the news) 
I just wish the cardiac would'a murdered you (would'a murdered you) 
Maybe Ice-T's right, you are a bitch (you are a bitch) 
You come around when you're broke and you leave when you're rich 
But the dumbest thing he could ever do (could ever do) 
Was try to buck a 380 on those who act shady 
Tell me now what you gonna do (now what you gonna do) 

[chorus] 

yo (yo) yo (yo) yo (yo) 
Remember back in '94, like right before Ms. Everlast was Whitey Ford 
Before his heart attack had him on life support When house of pain was out of 
fame like someone doused the flame And they became destined to never jump 
around again 
Or even further back, when i first had heard The Knack 
And you were down with Syndicate, I went to get your shit, man 
I was into it 
But then you went and took your style and switched the shit 
Now you sound rediculous you dickless piece of shit, 
How could you diss me, bitch? 
I liked you, thought you was alright for a white dude, 
Remember Sway and Tech when I came up and sat beside you 
Started rhymin, then you left the room 
and didn't say goodbye or nothin? 
Like you was mad that someone else was 
White and tried to rhyme or somethin 
I'm sorry man, I wasn't tryin to steal your light or nothin 
But you're a homosexual, white rappin Irish {*faggot*?} 
Man I wish I was irish, I could be a {*faggot*?} too 
Then I'd be confused as you, and I wouldn't know what to do 
What's up with you? 
I never fucked with you, why would you fuck with me? 
Knowin I could rap circles around you, what, are you as nuts as me? 
Plus I can sing better than you and I don't fuckin sing 
And probably play guitar better, and I ain't never touched a string 
But I ain't mad at you, I'd hate me too if I was you 
I'm what you used to be, shit you was me in '92 
So everytime I write a lyric, I'mma think of you 
And maybe that will help me know what it's like to sing the blues 

[chorus]x2 

You fuckin punk, pussy, you fuckin faggot, sissy, fuck 
And by the way, a 380's a fuckin sissy gun 
If you're gonna shoot somebody use a fuckin real gun 
You little bitch 
Next time say my fuckin name in a song 
Don't be subliminal about it 
You wanna fuckin diss me, diss me you fuckin faggot 
You fuckin punk, pussy, you fuckin little bitch, fuckin cunt 




[ Intro ] [ Busta ] 

Yeah, Guess who it is 
Ayo Dre I think they in trouble 
Scott Storch why you have to do it like this to 'em 
Feels like a new day, listen 

[ Verse 1 ] [ Busta ] 

Now every time I come in I hit ya niggas with shit regardless 
Uou get retarted,then you niggas aint got a clue. 
On how the fuck I do what I do, and say what I say, 
And spit what I spit, you aint never even gotta question who 
Cause you know that I'm the only nigga that could ever convince 
my villi turn the place into a mutha fuckin' zoo 
Than I come in I spit cr crazy sh sh sh shit and 
ma ma ma makin ni ni ni niggas do exactly what I want'em to 
From my point of view instead of tryin to step up 
you still tryin to play catch up and keep up with the way a nigga grew
These niggas panic and fret and get schizophrenic 



and let they emotions out and I doubt they could ever test my crew 
Take a second check it I reckon my records are 
better than whatever record you recorded that why your shit is through. 
You fuckin idiot I dont think you get it im one of 
the greatest ever period every syllable is true 

[ Chorus ] [ Busta Rhymes ] 

Now if you aint runnin you aint handicappin your vision 
I think its simple and I think that its really plain to see 
No matter how much you try no matter how much you make an effort 
you niggas could never ever really fuck wit me. 
Cause ill hurt you .. and I will learn you a thing or two 
And ill hurt you.....and ill finish your career for you.....I'll 

[ Verse 2 ] [ Eminem ] 

Shit on the mic and doodle my doo doo 
You do not have a fighting chance to move you are covered in my poo poo 
Smothered in my manure while I spit saliva fluid 
Dou dou dou dou dou dou ga ga ga goobers are glued to you 
You don't have a clue as to what we're about to do do you? 
So just sit back and watch somethin you just gon have it watch 
So you just made me sneeze I'm allergic to beats like these 
Excuse my allergies are actin up thanks a lot Scott 
You're probably wonderin why there's thunder and everyone 
Is runnin and duckin up under everything up on the block 
Cause busa bus and flipmode just tiptoed into the club 
Then with shady quietly try not to start a riot with Doc 
But since we already started we might as well have a party 
So gather out everybody come on lets get our drink on 
And you aint got to do nothin special for this occasion 
Just reach in your closet, throw somethin on and get to the club 

[ Chorus ] [ Busta Rhymes ] 

[ Verse 3 ] [ Busta Rhymes ] 

Catch you niggas and snatch you niggas you bunch of 
Bumblin fools who got me rumblin dudes all the way down the block. 
Keep'em stumblin and jumblin over they words and vowels 
Throw in the towel see you niggas is on the clock 
And you runnin outta time sick and tired of all your 
Ma ma mumblin ma ma mublin na na nigga I got it locked. 
Every single time you put my shit in the cd playa and 
Turn up the volume you bang your head with courtesy of knock I 
Continue to crumblin niggas and tumblin niggas 
You struggle while I humble a nigga wit the glock 
Than I watch you while I keep a fumblin while I got you 
Ta tremblin for one of my niggas bust your head wit a rock 
Before I start to do another thing that'll make you crown me 
the king wit such a butterswing nigga follow the flock 
Now watch my brother bring all my diamonds the summer bling 
while im climbin and from a glimpse tell you bitch to get off my yot 

[ Chorus ] [ Busta Rhymes ]

[chorus] 
School Choir: SLIM SHADY! 
(note: on the copy i've heard, this part is mostly on the end of the previous 
track. Only the Y makes it to this track) 
Eminem: That's why they call me Slim (slim) Shady! (I'm back) 
I'm back (I'm back) 
School Choir: SLIM SHADY! 
Eminem: I'm back (I'm back) 
That's why they call me Slim (slim) Shady! (I'm back) 
I'm back (I'm back) 
School Choir: SLIM SHADY! 
Eminem: I'm back (I'm back) 
That's why they call me Slim (slim) Shady! (I'm back) 
I'm back (I'm back) 
School Choir: SLIM SHADY! 
Eminem: I'm back (I'm back) 
That's why they call me Slim (er) Shady! (I'm back) 
I'm back (I'm back) 
School Choir: SLIM SHADY! SHADY! 
Eminem: I'm back (I'm back) 




I murder a rhyme one word at a time 
You never, heard of a mind as perverted as mine 
You better, get rid of that nine, it ain't gonna help 
What good's it gonna do against the man that strangles himself? 
I'm waitin for hell like hell shit I'm anxious as hell 
Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail 
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve 
Thirteen I was puttin shells in a gauge on a shelf 
I used to, get punked and bullied on my block 
'til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox 
{"Mom! MOM!"} I used to give a - fuck, now I could give a fuck less 
What do I think of suc-cess? It sucks, too much press I'm stressed 
Too much stares two breasts, too upset 
It's just too much mess, I guess I must just blew up quick (yes) 
Grew up quick (no) was raised right 
Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say is right 
You think of my name now whenever you say, "Hi" 
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I- 
-T-E, cuz MTV was so friendly to me 
Can't wait 'til Kim sees me 
Now is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect? 
Read my lips bitch, what, my mouth isn't workin? 
You hear this finger? Oh it's upside down 
Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now 

Chorus 

[Eminem] 
I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it 
just to see if he's influenced by me if he listens to music 
And if he feeds into this shit he's an innocent victim 
and becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe 
{*vocal scratches*} My name is Slim Shady 
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me 
The sensational {*vocal scratch "Back is the incredible!"*} 
With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible 
It's Ken Kaniff on the, internet 
Tryin to, lure your kids with him, into bed 
It's a, sick world we live in these days 
"Slim for Pete's sakes put down Christopher Reeve's legs!" 
Geez, you guys are so sensitive 
"Slim it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it" 
Mind with no sense in it, fried to get so frenetic 
whose eyes get so squinted, I'm blind from smokin 'em 
with my windows tinted, with nine limos rented 
Doin lines of coke in 'em, with a bunch of guys hoppin out 
all high and indo scented {*inhales, exhales*} 
And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me 

Chorus 

[Eminem] 
I take seven kids from Colombine, stand 'em all in line 
Add an AK-47, a revolver, a nine 
a Mack-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine 
and that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time 
Cause (I'mmmm) Shady, they call me as crazy 
as the world was over this whole Y2K thing 
And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing? 
Am I the only one who realizes they stink? 
Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think? 
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings? 
It's why I tend to block out when I hear things 
Cause all these fans screamin is makin my ears ring (AHHHH!!!) 
So I just, throw up a middle finger and let it linger 
longer than the rumor that I was stickin it to Christina 
Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz 
it'd be Jennifer Lopez, and Puffy you know this! 
I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck if this chick was my own mother 
I still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her 
and have a son and a new brother at the same time 
and just say that it ain't mine, what's my name? 

Chorus 

[Eminem {*vocal scratching*}] 
Guess who's b-back, back 
Gue-gue-guess who's back (Hi mom!) 
{*scratch*} Guess who's back 
{*scratch*} Gue {*scratch*} guess who's back 
D-12 {*scratch*} Guess who's back 
Gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back 
Dr. Dre {*scratch*} Guess who's back 
Back back {*scratch*} back 
{*scratch*} 
Slim Shady, 2001 
I'm blew out from this blunt (*sighs*) fuck 




How the hell did he manage to get more felony charges? 
He's already got life in jail, man, what the hell is his problem? 
Well, to be honest the smell of these chronic leaves make me hella demonic 
They've compelled me to kill this elderly man 
And I get these panic attacks 
Pop a Xanax, relax 
Tryna stick my fuckin' dick inside a mannequin's ass 
Then I get manic depressed 
See the orthodontist get gassed 
Man, it's kickass 
The first thing I put on is the mask 
Speaking of masks, man, it ain't too late to have a change of face 
And take it off and show my face so you can see the things you facin' 
Slice you up and cook you after you're murdered by strangulation 
That's bacon souffle you makin', ain't you? Well, thank you Jason 
There goes one more coma 
Due to blunt force trauma 
Just give me one more Soma 
And I'll be done for, mama 
Go in the damn broom closet 



Another Valium, lost it 
Shovin' the vacuum nozzle 
Down the bathroom faucet 
Seems like every day I get a little flakier 
The medication is making my hands a little shakier 
Hand me the 18 month old baby, come shake 'em up 
It'll only take me a second to choke his trachea 
Breakin' his neck in eightsome places 
Baby, he's Shady comes lady 
He's got the razor-b-blades and the ch-ch-chain-ch-saw, baby 
You b-b-blundering, bumbling m-m-mumbling dum-dum 
Yeah, here I come-come, you hear the rumbling? Vrum-vrum 
There's something inside of that blue tub and that drum-drum 
My head and torso are some won' where they come from 
Who's it belong to, maybe the girl with the long blonde hair 
Who disappeared and left her cheerleader pom-poms 
Clearly there's some' wrong 
'Cause she didn't come home 
She's missing 
Where is she? 
Something fishy is goin' on 
I guess he stuck the bitch with the pitchfork with the long prongs 
Now everybody get your dance on to my damn song 
Come on 


Who came through with two Glocks to terrorize your borough
Told you how to slap dips and murder your girl
Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl
Sold a billion tapes and still screamed fuck the world
So come and kill me while my name's hot
And shoot me twenty five times in the same spot
Think I've got a generation brainwashed
To pop pills and smoke pot till they brains rot
Stop they blood flow 'til they veins clot
I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch
Purple haze and acid raindrops
Spike the punch at the party and drain pop
Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top
Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop
Gotta make 'em fear you before you make 'em feel you
So everybody buy my shit or I’ma come and kill you
I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need some new weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend when you need a mini thin, Slim Shady
I'm Shady



I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful
I like birds, bees, I like people
I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful
Like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool
The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike
While I blow my brain out, took a see what it feels like
And this is how I am in real life
I don't want to just die a normal death, I wanna be killed twice
How you wanna scare somebody with a gun threat
When they're high off of drugs they haven't even done yet
So bring the money by tonight
'Cause your wife says this is the biggest knife she ever saw in her life
I try to keep it positive and play it cool
Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school
'Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better
Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a 'Fuck you' letter
I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need some new weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend when you need a mini thin, Slim Shady
I'm Shady
Yo, I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it
Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit
People don't buy shit no more they just dub it
That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit
But they love it when you make your business public
So fuck it, I've got herpes while we're on the subject
And if I told you I had AIDS y'all would play it
'Cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playin' when I say it
I do take pills, don't do speed
Don't do crack, don't do coke, I do smoke weed
Don't do smack, I do do shrooms
Do drink beer, I just wanna make a few things clear
My baby mama's not dead, she's still alive and bitchin'
And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin'
It's not syphilis, and as for bein' AIDS infested
I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested
I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need some new weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend when you need a mini thin, Slim Shady
I'm Shady
I told you I was Shady, yo, y'all didn't wanna believe me
I'm Shady and that's my name

Qui a déboulé avec deux flingues pour terroriser ton quartier ? (hein ? ) 
Qui t'a dit comment se taper des queues et comment tuer ta copine ? (c'est moi ! ) 
Qui t'a fait un doigt, t'as dit de t'asseoir dessus et de tourner 
Qui a vendu un milliard de copies et qui continue à crier : “Fuck le monde ! ” 
(Je suis Slim Shady…) alors viens, et tue moi pendant que mon nom est populaire 
Et shoote moi 25 fois au même endroit (Ow!) 
Je pense que je suis d'une génération ‘lobotomisée' 
Pour prendre des pilules et fumer de l'herbe jusqu'à ce que leurs esprits pourrissent (uhh-oh) 
Pour faire stopper leur sang jusqu'à ce que leurs veines caillent
J'ai besoin de me prendre un coup, et d'un coup de scotch 
De brumes violettes, et de pluies acides 
Transpercer le poinçon à la fête et se soûler (gulp gulp) 
Rasant mes aisselles et portant un débardeur 
Mauvais garçon, je t'ai dit que je peux pas m'arrêter 
Tu dois faire qu'ils te craignent, avant qu'ils ne te comprennent 
Alors tout le monde, achetez mon disque ou j'arrive et je vous tue 

J'ai des champignons, j'ai des acides, des tablettes et des tablettes d'aspirine 
Je suis ton frère quand tu as besoin, de la bonne beuh pour te libérer 
Tu me connais, je suis ton ami, quand tu as besoin d'un fournisseur 



(Je suis Slim Shady…. ) Je suis tarré ! ! 

J'aime les choses positives, je suis vraiment calme et pacifique (uh-huh-huh) 
J'aime les oiseaux, les abeilles, j'aime les gens 
J'aime les choses marrantes, qui rendent les gens heureux et joyeux 
Comme lorsque mon prof a sucé mon zizi au primaire (ohh ! ) 
Le mec fou, je me poignarde avec une pointe en acier 
Pendant que je m'éclate la tête, juste pour voir comment ca fait 
Parce que c'est celui que je suis dans la vraie vie (mm-hmm) 
Je ne veux pas simplement mourir normalement je veux être tué 2 fois 
Comment vas tu faire peur à quelqu'un en le menaçant d'une arme 
Lorsqu'ils sont défoncés à la drogue, alors qu'ils en ont même pas encore pris ( Hein ? ) 
Alors amène le fric ce soir, parce que ta femme 
A dit que c'est le plus grand couteau qu'elle ai vu dans sa vie (à l'aide ! à l'aide ! ) 
J'essaye de rester positif et d'être cool 
D'aller sur le terrain de jeu et de dire aux enfants de rester à l'école (RESTEZ EN COURS ! ) 
Parce que je suis celui à qui ils peuvent s'identifier pour aller mieux 
Ce soir je pense que je vais écrire à mon plus grand fan une lettre disant "VA TE FAIRE !" 

J'ai des champignons, j'ai des acides, des tablettes et des tablettes d'aspirine 
Je suis ton frère quand tu as besoin, de la bonne beuh pour te libérer 
Tu me connais, je suis ton ami, quand tu as besoin d'un fournisseur 
(Je suis Slim Shady…. ) Je suis tarré ! ! 

Yo.. J'ai écouté ta cassette de démo et j'ai fait comme si je ne l'avais pas aimé 
(héééééé, c'est de la merde !) 
6 mois plus tard, tu entends tes lyrics sur mon album 
(hein ? Mais ce sont mes lyrics ! ! ! ) 
Les gens n'achètent plus rien, ils ne font que copier 
C'est pour ca que je suis toujours fauché après avoir été numéro un des clubs (Yup, uh huh) 
Mais ils aiment quand tu parles de ta vie privée en public 
Alors merde ! tiens, pendant qu'on est dans le sujet, j'ai de l'herpès (uh-huh) 
Et si je vous disais que j'avais le SIDA, vous croyiez tous que je blague 
Parce que vous, bande de cons, pensez que je blague quand je parle de moi 
--Hé bien, je prends biens des pilules, je prends pas de speed 
Je prends pas de crack, je prends pas de cocaïne, je fume bien de l'herbe (uh-huh) 
Je ne prends pas de smacks, je prends bien des champignons, je bois bien de la bière (yup) 
Je veux juste faire le point sur certaines choses 
La mère de ma fille n'est pas morte (uh-uhh), elle est toujours en vie et fais la pute (yup) 
Et je n'ai pas d'herpès, j'ai juste mon sexe qui gratte 
Ce n'est pas la syphilis, et en ce qui concerne le SIDA 
Je ne sais pas, j'ai trop peur pour faire le test 

J'ai des champignons, j'ai des acides, des tablettes et des tablettes d'aspirine 
Je suis ton frère quand tu as besoin, de la bonne beuh pour te libérer 
Tu me connais, je suis ton ami, quand tu as besoin d'un fournisseur 
(Je suis Slim Shady…. ) Je suis tarré ! !



{Dr. Dre} 
Check Check, 1,2 , 1,2 1,2(it's rolling) 
Yea yea yea Dr. Dre up in here Y'all know what this is. 
Its what y'all been waiting for Funk Master Flex, Big Kap, 
Def Jam Records giving it to you baby. 
Yo Eminem show these mother fuckers what time it is baby 

{Eminem} 
I used to be a lonely man, only mad, until I got a million dollars, shit 
Now if i only had some fucking hair I'd pull it, faster than a bullet 
Out of Tupac's chest before the ambulance came too late to do it 
I'm trying to grow it back again, it was an accident 
I had my back against the fan and chopped it off in Amsterdam 
I hate the straight jacket it aint latching, and can't lock it 
So they stapled my hand to my pants pockets 
The cell's padded and battered like someone else had it 
Before me, and just kept throwing they fucking selfs at it 
My head is aching, I'm dedicated to medication 



But this med is taking to long to bring me this sedadation? (Come on!) 
Anyway I got down with Dre (What up?) 
The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray 
Running up and down the street screaming, "Fuck the Police" 
When you still had your mother's fucking Nipple stuck in your teeth 
(Fucking baby) Became a role model after Colorado 
Now all they do is follow me around and holla Bravo! 
Hell yea I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public 
Suck my dick, bitch 
I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face but I won't 
Cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place 
So put a sock in it, with your fake-ass Tupac image 
You faggots ain't tough, you just get drunk and become talkative 
(Wanna Fight?) I'm probably the akwardest alcoholic talking 
Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket 
So when you see me on your block stumbling, mumbling 
A bunch of dumb shit like my drunk uncle does 
I ain't buzzed, I'mm juss high on life 
So why on earth would I need drugs, when I can fly on kites? 
Motherfuckers, Slim Shady 

Dr Dre: Dr Dre! 
Eminem: I'm drunk pass the tec 

{Eminem And Dr. Dre } 
Cause if I get locked up tonite! 
Then I might not come home tonite! 
{Dre} Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on 
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On 
Cause if I get locked up tonite! 
Then I might not come home tonite! 
{Dre} Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on 
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On 

{Eminem} 
The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire 
I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron (AHH!) 
Psych I'm just joking, for christ sake 
Dont get so bent out of shape 
Cause I went out and raped six girlfriends 
Some people just don't get it, but I won't let it upset me 
Cause they don't know better 
They don't know what the fuck its like to be so fed up 
And fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up 
My mind's got a mind of it's own, sometimes I can't find it at home 
It hides in the stove (Hello, where you at?) 
Shit, talk about your brain being baked 
My shit's still in the oven on 480 De-Grades 
Hailey Jade, daddy loves you baby, 
Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter fuck you lady 
You critics wanna criticize but couldnt visualize 
Individuals lives through a criminal's eyes 
The neighborhood that I grew up in you could die for nothing 
And Dirty Dozen watches over me so try some dumb shit 
I'll have a fucking man raped with a band-aid over his mouth 
And shove his head in the fan blade 
Don't ever tell me what I can and what I can't say 
Or change cause of the age range in my fan base 
Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit 
Quit fucking buying it, I'm tired bitch, I'm dying to quit 
Hip Hop is universal now, it's all commercial now 
It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now 
But now the Withe kids like it, so they tell me I can buy it 
But as soon as I get on the mic it's like the night get silent 
Either that or booed, thats why I keep an attitude 
And go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon 
I'm sick of being judged, fuck it let me see a judge 
I'll confess to every murder I committed since 3 years old 

{Eminem And Dr. Dre } 
Cause if I get locked up tonite! 
Then I might not come home tonite! 
{Dre} Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on 
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On 
Cause if I get locked up tonite! 
Then I might not come home tonite! 
{Dre} Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on 
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On 

{Dr. Dre} 
Fuck that, turn that shit off 
Let's get the fuck out of here 
You know how we do (echo) 




Life by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle put in front of your optical to slow you down
And every time you think you gotten past it
It's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they really your enemies with secret identities
And disguises to hide they true colors
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers
They wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin'
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around
Swearing that they was always down
What is life?
I'm tired of life
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins



Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin' off
I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour
Then this boss wanders why I'm smartin' off
I'm tired of being fired every time I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
For this jerk breathing down my neck driving me bezerk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of working in Building Square
Tired of not being a millionaire
But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand I'd make the world suck my dick
Without a condom on while I'm on the John
If I had a million bucks it wouldn't be enough because I'd still be out
Robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss
I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM
Tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work in the back of a contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me
Saying they wasn't feeling me when nobody's as ill as me
And I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of JLB saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"
But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand I'd make the world suck my dick
Without a condom on while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks it wouldn't be enough because I'd still be out
Robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss
You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit telling me to be positive
How am I supposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
You know what I'm sayin'? I rap about shit around me, shit I see
You know what I'm sayin'? Right now I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city
Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'?
But ey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'?
Just fed up
That's my word



Oh yeah, this is Eminem baby, back up in that motherfucking ass 
One time for your motherfucking mind, we represent the 313 
You know what I'm saying?, cause they don't know shit about this 
For the 9-6 

Verse 1: 
Aiyyo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction 
To get your brain relaxin, cause they be actin maniac in action 
A brainiac in fact son, you mainly lack attraction 
You looking zany whack with just a fraction of my tracks spun 
My rhyming skills got you climbing hills 
I travel through your mind until you spine like siren drills 
I'm sliming grills of roaches, with sprayed on disinfectants 
With some ex rappers till their spinal column disconnects 
We disinfect then check the monologue, turn your system up 
Twist them up, and indulge in the marijuana smoke 
This is the season for noise pollution contamination 
Examination of more cartoons than animation 



My lamination of narration 
Hit's a snare and bass of track fucked up rapper interrogation 
When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be stare and gazing 
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland... 
I'm Infinite 

Chorus: 
You heard of hell well I was sent from it 
I went to it's surface and sentenced for murdering instruments 
Now I'm trying to repent from it 
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... 
I'm Infinite 

Verse 2: 
Bust it, I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense of your elite defense 
I got to meet the fence fruit was stompin at your feet to rinse 
I greet intensive ladies, I spoil all your fans 
I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil bands 
My coil hands around this microphone lethal 
One thought in my cerebral is deeper then a Jeep full of people 
MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium 
Battle a band of phony MC's and stand the only one 
Imitator, Intimidator, Stimulator, Simulator of data, Eliminator 
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus 
Fuck around and catch all of the venereal diseases 
My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces 
My a capella releases plastic masterpieces through telekinesis 
And eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally 
With entity, dementedly meant to be Infinite 

Chorus: 
You heard of hell well I was sent from it 
I went to it's surface and sentenced for murdering instruments 
Now I'm trying to repent from it 
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... 
I'm Infinite 

Verse 3: 
Man I got evidence I'm never dense and I been clever ever since 
My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the M-O 
So I'm assuming all responsibility 
Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MC's 
Mic messaler, slamming like a wrestler 
Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler 
No one is speacialer, My skill is intergalactical 
I get cynical at a fool then I send a crew back to school 
I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical 
I'd rather led a tactful, tractical, track for your fancy 
In fact I can't see, or can't imagine 
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching 
This is for my family, the kid who had a cameo on my last jam 
Plus the man who never had a plan B 
Be all you can be, cause once you make an instant hit 
I'm tense to be tempted when I see the sins my friends commit... 
I'm Infinite 

Chorus: 
You heard of hell well I was sent from it 
I went to it's surface and sentenced for murdering instruments 
Now I'm trying to repent from it 
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... 
I'm Infinite 
You heard of hell well I was sent from it 
I went to it's surface and sentenced for murdering instruments 
Now I'm trying to repent from it 
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... 
I'm Infinite 




I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 'Til one night he snuck in and said
We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxbin instead?
After I fuck you in the butt, get some head Bust a nut, get some rest
The next day my mother said "I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid!
The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed He just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead"
"Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck I bet you he's fakin' it,
I bet you I bet he probably just wants to see how upset you would get I'll go handle this of course, unless you object"
"Ah go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head"

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

"Did you get him?" Naaw, fucker tried to bite my face off I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot
Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop



Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong
Then he played ping pong with his own ding dong
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything, except his tank top and his training bra
Ain't he raw? Yeah maniac, that's Shady dog
Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog
Shady dog, what be going through that fuckin' brain of yours
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for, sing along

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

Don't you know what felch means? (yeah), well then tell me Would you rather get felched or do the felching
Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
Burp, belch, then go back for a second helping Can you dig what I'm sayin' man, can you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my step father felt me
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping "Shady what the fuck you saying?"
I don't know help me! What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fucking melting
"Marshall I just love you boy, I care about your well being" No Dad, I said no,
I don't need no help peeing I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself see
I only get naked when the baby sitter tells me She showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street"
But it was X, and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"
"Well this is called ass rape, and we're shooting the jail scene"

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 'Til one night he snuck in and said
We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxbin instead?
After I fuck you in the butt, get some head Bust a nut, get some rest
The next day my mother said "I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid!
The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed He just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead"
"Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck I bet you he's fakin' it,
I bet you I bet he probably just wants to see how upset you would get I'll go handle this of course, unless you object"
"Ah go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head"

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

"Did you get him?" Naaw, fucker tried to bite my face off I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot
Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop
Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong
Then he played ping pong with his own ding dong
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything, except his tank top and his training bra
Ain't he raw? Yeah maniac, that's Shady dog
Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog
Shady dog, what be going through that fuckin' brain of yours
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for, sing along

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

Don't you know what felch means? (yeah), well then tell me Would you rather get felched or do the felching
Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
Burp, belch, then go back for a second helping Can you dig what I'm sayin' man, can you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my step father felt me
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping "Shady what the fuck you saying?"
I don't know help me! What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fucking melting
"Marshall I just love you boy, I care about your well being" No Dad, I said no,
I don't need no help peeing I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself see
I only get naked when the baby sitter tells me She showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street"
But it was X, and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"
"Well this is called ass rape, and we're shooting the jail scene"

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 'Til one night he snuck in and said
We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxbin instead?
After I fuck you in the butt, get some head Bust a nut, get some rest
The next day my mother said "I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid!
The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed He just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead"
"Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck I bet you he's fakin' it,
I bet you I bet he probably just wants to see how upset you would get I'll go handle this of course, unless you object"
"Ah go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head"

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

"Did you get him?" Naaw, fucker tried to bite my face off I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot
Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop
Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong
Then he played ping pong with his own ding dong
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything, except his tank top and his training bra
Ain't he raw? Yeah maniac, that's Shady dog
Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog
Shady dog, what be going through that fuckin' brain of yours
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for, sing along

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

Don't you know what felch means? (yeah), well then tell me Would you rather get felched or do the felching
Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
Burp, belch, then go back for a second helping Can you dig what I'm sayin' man, can you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my step father felt me
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping "Shady what the fuck you saying?"
I don't know help me! What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fucking melting
"Marshall I just love you boy, I care about your well being" No Dad, I said no,
I don't need no help peeing I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself see
I only get naked when the baby sitter tells me She showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street"
But it was X, and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"
"Well this is called ass rape, and we're shooting the jail scene"

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 'Til one night he snuck in and said
We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxbin instead?
After I fuck you in the butt, get some head Bust a nut, get some rest
The next day my mother said "I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid!
The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed He just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead"
"Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck I bet you he's fakin' it,
I bet you I bet he probably just wants to see how upset you would get I'll go handle this of course, unless you object"
"Ah go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head"

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

"Did you get him?" Naaw, fucker tried to bite my face off I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot
Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop
Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong
Then he played ping pong with his own ding dong
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything, except his tank top and his training bra
Ain't he raw? Yeah maniac, that's Shady dog
Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog
Shady dog, what be going through that fuckin' brain of yours
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for, sing along

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

Don't you know what felch means? (yeah), well then tell me Would you rather get felched or do the felching
Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
Burp, belch, then go back for a second helping Can you dig what I'm sayin' man, can you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my step father felt me
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping "Shady what the fuck you saying?"
I don't know help me! What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fucking melting
"Marshall I just love you boy, I care about your well being" No Dad, I said no,
I don't need no help peeing I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself see
I only get naked when the baby sitter tells me She showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street"
But it was X, and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"
"Well this is called ass rape, and we're shooting the jail scene"

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!


Burp....Cough....Hey, How you guys doing? You want more? 

Oh Right(Crowd Cheers) 

THEN SHUT UP! 

Shoobie Doo, Shoobie Doo, Shoobie Doo, Shoobie Doo, Shoobie Doo, 

Skibidy BeeBop 

Girl, Girl Girl Girl 

Your My world... World, world, world. 

Your My Girl 

Your My World 









[Footsteps and a belch are heared]
WHOOOO!!! 
Hey, how you guys doin. 
You want more? 
Alright, then SHUT UP!!! 

Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo) 
Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo) 
Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo) 
Shoobeedoo Shoobee Snoobedeebeebop 




Girl (girl, girl, girl) 
Your My World (world, world world) 
Your My Girl (girl, girl girl) 
Your my world, world world. 

Here's a song for da ladies. 






"So let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?" 

[scratching] What is this? what is this? 

[Intro] 
The Invasion! (Invasion yeah) 
Green Lantern! the infiltration, we comin'! (yeah) 

[Bridge: Eminem] 
I got 50 Cent, I got G-Unit 
D-Tweezy in this bitch, wit Obie Trice! 
So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name 
Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice! 

[Verse: Eminem] 
Whoa, here we go, I shoulda' known 
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit 



Sooner or later you little haters 
Are too jealous of us to love us 
You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie's coming 
D-Tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach 
50 percent of it's 50 cent 
The other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is 
But if you even considerin' taking our label down 
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it 
But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it 
I'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit 
Cause then it's gonna get to the point 
Where it escalates into some other shit 
Then I'm a flip, then I'm a get to 
"Stomping in my Air Force Ones" 
But you won't be able to tell 
If it's two pairs or it's one 
It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you 
You'd think Nike just made these into cleat tennis shoe 
I don't know what it is or what it could be 
But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me 
Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me 
Y'all tickle me pink 
I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me 
Hickory dickory dock, tickety tock tickety 
A little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy 
Mixed with a little bit of the jigga da jigga 
Wit a small pinch of Biggie 
Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggady 

[Chorus: Eminem] 
We the realest label 
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label 
Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label 
Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records 
We the label fa' sho! 

We the realest label 
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label 
Cause we gon' fuck around and steal your paper 
Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records 
We gon' kill your label fa' sho! 

[Eminem] 
Shady in the place to be see 
And I got what it takes to +Roc The Mic+ right! 
Still watch what you say to me punk 
Cause I'm off probation in less than six months [gun cocked] 

[Outro] 
Haha, Shady Records 
Still Aftermath, and don't think we don't 
Hear you motherfuckers talkin'! 
Cause we do and we see y'all 
We just gon' sit back for a minute 
While I see what the FUCK y'all do 




can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars 
i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars 
i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now 
and it seems like yesterday it was just a dream 
but those days are gone they're just memories 
and it seems like yesterday it was just a dream 
but those days are gone 

Alright, 
lets pretend, marshall mathers never picked up a pen 
lets pretend, things woulda been no different 
pretend he procrastinated and had no motivation 
pretend he just made excuses that were so paper thin 
they could blow away with the wind 
marshall youre never gonna make it 
makes no sense to play the game 
there aint no way that you'll win 
pretend he'd just stay outside all day 
and play with his friends 



pretend he even had a friend to say was his friend 
and it wasnt time to move and schools werent changing again 
he wasnt socially akward and just strange as a kid 
he had a father and his mother wasnt crazy as shit 
and he never dreamed he could rip stadiums 
and just lazy as shit 
fuck a talent show in the gymnasium, bitch 
you wont amount to shit, quit day dreaming, kid 
you need to get your cranium checked 
you're thinking like an alien, it just aint realistic 
now pretend things just make him angry with this shit 
and there was no one he could even aim when he's pissed 
and his alarm went off to wake him but he didnt make it to the rap olympics 
left to his plane and he missed it 
he's gonna have a hard time explaining to hailey and lainey 
these food stamps and this weak shit 
cause he never risked shit, he hoped and he wished it 
but it didnt fall on his lap so he aint even here 
he pretends that .. 

can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars 
i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars 
i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now


Thanks it's been real 
I love you but I just can't deal 
With the stress this game is giving me... 
But before I go 
You know 
I can't close the show 
Without no closure 
So before I leave... 

Yeah 
I just want to take the time out 
to basically say 
Rest In Peace 
to Deshaun Holton 
That's my heart man 
Dr Dre 
For giving me the oppurtunity 
just to even listen to me 
to get me to this point 
I'd like to thank Jimmy Iovine, 



Interscope, Aftermath, 
everybody in the whole Shady staff 
everybody whose basically supported me from day one 
Paul Rosenburg, Tracy Mcnew 
You know I love you guys 
I couldn't do it all without you 
D12 
Cashis, your gonna be a beast when you get out there man 
trust me homey, my ears don't lie to me 
who else am i forgetting 
Oh yeah, Obie Trice 
Bobby Creekwater, and basically man 
the whole city of Detroit 
8 mile road for making what I am today 
Which basically goes back to proof & D12 
I love you guys man 
you where there when shit got thick 
Oh, it wouldnt be complete, If i didn't 
thank my mom, bitch 
so 

Thanks it's been real 
I love you but I just can't deal 
With the stress this game is giving me... 
[fades]


Artist: Eminem f/ Eye-Kyu 
Eye-Kyu: Check it out, 
Eminem: Hey Kyu! 

Eye-Kyu: 
Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) 
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) 
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) 
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) 
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) 
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) 
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) 
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) 

Verse 1: Eminem 
One day I plan to be a family man happily married 
I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried 
Till I'm glad to be buried 
And leave this crazy world 
And have at least a half a million for my baby girl 



It may be early to be planning this stuff 
Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough 
Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough 
I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed 
My hands have been cuffed 
But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff 
Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts 
I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough 
And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see 
My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased 
With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese 
I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call 
Way before my baby is able to crawl 
I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates 
To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades 
I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth 
Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Q 

Eye-Kyu: 
Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) 
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) 
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) 
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) 
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) 
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) 
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) 
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) 

Verse 2: Eminem 
I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps 
Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheep 
Praying for sleep 
Dreaming with a watering mouth 
Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse 
In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts 
With the root of all evil 
I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful 
And make them do shit illegal 
For these Grant's and Jackson's 
These transactions explain a man's actions 
But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity 
Through God and there's a wish he granted me 
He showed me how to cope with the stress 
And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed 
Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest 
To selling dope with the rest 
I quit smoking cess to open my chest 
Life is stressful inside this cesspool 
Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel 
My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics 
He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts 
Kids attract static, children with automatics 
Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets 
I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum 
I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum 
It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth 
But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth 

Eye-Kyu: 
Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) 
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) 
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) 
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) 
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) 
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) 
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) 
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) 

Uh, it's ok, yeah it's alright, even though I can't sleep 
Uh yeah, it's ok, it's alright, I can't sleep 





Its its its its its... murda!!!! 

wait stop the questions please 
i've been on my knees 
beggin these disease 
to stop from killin these 
messed up cronic crease 
of the diseased 

CHORUS 
uh oh 
letz go slow 
on the radio low 
down south where they know 
how its gonna be 
i said its murda (murda!) 
to me 
i dont need no ****in c 

(reapeat chorus) 




reapeat the laws 
dynamite flaws 
all over yaws 
dis ting aint no joke 
just go slow 
to the hip hop show 
uh oh uh oh 

Chorus 2x 

datz it for me 
but wait till ya see 
whats next for the 
slim shady 







Men singing: 
Jealous! (8X) 

Girls voice: (Talking over the singing) 
Jealous!?! What he mean jealous, know what I'm saying? 
He just mad cause he got with some ugly hoes, know what I'm saying? 
Girls don't buy him no clothes, He bought that ho some clothes!! 
He don't buy me no clothes, Nigga ain't got no money, no vibe, no dick 
I mean, What do I got to be jealous for? 
He ain't gonna make it no where, he ain't got no type of time 
He has no career move, I mean... 

Verse 1: 
I come home every single day from working double shifts 
And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts 
I come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me 
Then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously 
Again you frisk me, for numbers trying to bust me 



It must be only just because you never learned to trust me 
Plus we only grovel only irrelevant issues 
To many tissues, for my feelings you misuse 
I buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me 
I bring you diamond rings you say I'm bad at timing things 
So what's a man to do when all i hand to you is handed back to me 
You act to be this gangsta bitch, that ain't what first attracted me 
I used to love your company now you always bugging me 
For information and you tell your friends you plan on dumping me 
So I'ma wait for your evacuation 
Cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in 
See I've never been so sure, and your just insecure 
So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure 
I recommend you take your things and check them in 
Look at the nervous wreck I'm in, I need my second wind, Say What? 

Chorus: Men Singing 
Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy (8X) 

Women's Voice: (Talking over singing) 
Fuck you and what you going through 
Fuck Eminem, he just mad cause I left that nigga for another man 
Me and Eminem don't need nothing but my and his money 
Immature, Me? Nigga ain't got no dick, no swang in his thang 
Know what I'm saying? He just mad cause I'm getting it all night 
Jealous of me, know what I'm saying? That's what I'm talking about 
Mother fucker just trying to get his pussy 

Verse 2: 
I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments 
I used to be intoxicated with your sweet sense 
Until the day I started following your feetprints 
And tapping in your phone conversations through the heat vents 
It made complete sense, there's someone else you like 
So I confronted you and asked you who was Mike? 
And you was like, (sampled) **I need a new nigga** 
Someone rich that I could follow 
And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow 
Leaving me in sorrow, Brandy never felt so broken hearted 
I fell apart when you departed then the joking started 
I was an open target, you play comedian 
And I became the laughing stock. but now I'm on my feet again 
And so we meet again, your acting like an ex-wife 
All in my sex life, I got a message from Phife 
He goes, "You didn't want me to see you then, I don't want you now" 
Take a towel, wipe your brow, quit trying to hunt me down 
You run me down and now your trying to apologize 
For all the lies and everytime you made me ball my eyes 
Because I got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it 
Jealousy is in the house ya'll, Fellas sing it... 

Chorus: Men Singing 
Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy (12X) 




(feat. 50 Cent) 

ay yo fifth call em and tell em,its time to hate us again 
WERE BACK 

[Verse 1 - Eminem] 

Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care 
My enemies crack corn, but I don't care 
You can be black, white or a albino yeah 
You can have corn rows inside your hair 
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare 
This bottle of wine goes upside your head 
A little bit psycho, but I know that 
Think you just don't say it, then I won't say it 
See if you don't brag, then I don't brag 
I know I'm bad, as long as I know I'm bad 
I don't need y'all to co-sign no shit
You can just keep makin them tired old threats 
A little bit like the boy who cried wolf yeah 



See me, but don't dare to try no shit 
Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers 
A rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass 
And I can be so quiet and strike so fast 
Like lightning bolts right out the sky go *blah 
From outta nowhere, you might find your career 
Come to an *err and I'm just like (Oh Yeah) 

[Chorus - Eminem] 

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah) 
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah) 
See us keep blowin up, we're like (Oh yeah) 
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care 
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah) 
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em) 
And where is D12 at, they like (We over here) 
And where the fuck we goin, were like (No where) 

[Verse 2 - Eminem] 

Jealous little fucks beg for my attention but 
I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want 
If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice 
If you keep comin back, that only means you know you lost the fight 
They wanna talk shit, let em talk shit, cause they talk shit 
Knowin deep down, they really just wanna squash it 
Cause no one wants to walk around, steppin in dog shit 
And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it 
But the pride won't let em, inside's like 'go get em' 
And I'm just like 'Why your tryna fight momentum' 
We just keep winnin, by landslides oh and umm 
Shady Limited's in any size yo, Denim 
To velour, even our clothing line's on fire 
As 50 would say 'Our clothing line's on Fiya' 
Meanwhile your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah 
And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars 
But I just keep fucking you, like I fucked her 
Right in the ass with KY, yes sir! 
So full of joy, boy am I absurd 
Even Chingy would tell you 
'Yea boi don't curr' 

[Chorus - Eminem] 

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah) 
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah) 
See us keep blowin up, we're like (Oh yeah) 
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care 
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah) 
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em) 
And where is G-Unit at, they like (We over here) 
And where the fuck we goin, well like (No where) 

[Verse 3 - 50 Cent] 

Ya homie got clapped on, man I don't care 
The cops in my Nana crib, but I'm not there 
It is what it is dogg, man life's not fair 
Ya friend shoulda know not to front round here 
Listen kid, where I'm from, the wolves smell fear 
They'll strip yo ass of your jewels, right here 
Man I'ma say this one time, now get this clear 
Man you can catch a hot one like outta no where 
A beautiful day, without drama is rare 
Ya girl's a freak, man sometime we share 
Yeah, I wear a condom and you go bare 
You prolly heard about me, I'm a shown up playa 
In the hood politicin, like I'm runnin for mayor 
ridin, windin, dining and shining, know what I'm sayin 
I ain't got time for fuckin around, and horseplayin 
I'm makin hits, my homies takin hits, who's stayin 

[Chorus - Eminem] 

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah) 
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah) 
See us keep blowin up, we're like (Oh yeah) 
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care 
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah) 
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em) 
And where is D12 at, they like (We over here) 
And where the fuck we goin, were like (No where) 







[Bob Rivers:] 
Yo, yo 

[Girl as Dina Rae:] 
Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells 
Jinglin' all the way 
Oh, what fun it is to ride 
From Detroit to East LA 

[Bob Rivers as Eminem:] 
Is this a white Christmas? Hell no, my man 
I'm leavin' blood in the snow and smacking fat men 
You mean Santa? That boy's a bitch 
He caught my mom Christmas evenin', tried to give her kiss 
Fo' real, he's no joke, the guy don't play 
He tried to ride way more than a one-horse sleigh 
Laughing all the way, but he's not laughing today 
We'll jingle more than his bells, even the elves will pay 



COME CHRISTMAS EVE, OLD NICK'S A GONNER! 
We'll be snacking on deer, EATIN' Blitzen and Donner 
Not a question of when, not even a maybe 
Have a drunk Mrs. Clause sayin' â€œJiggle it, Baby!â€à‚Â 
Give a new meaning to â€œHo, ho, hoâ€à‚Â 
Shake that ass, girl, bump your booty in the snow 
So watch out Santa, you jolly old troll 
We'll be strippin' that sleigh and leave you in the cold 

[Girl as Dina Rae:] 
Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells 
Jinglin' all the way 
Oh, what fun it is to ride in a drop top Chevrolet, hey 
Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells 
Jinglin' all the way 
Oh, what fun it is to ride 
From Detroit to East LA 

[Bob Rivers as Eminem:] 
Playing reindeer games, hell yeah my friend 
Grab Rudolph's horns, and see how far they bend 
When his nose turns red, his ass gets sent 
Back out to the woods with his faggy elf friend 
Oh, Santa Claus wouldn't list me as nice 
In fact, could have me listed as 'naughty' twice 
Not cuz' of the fight, or the Christmas gift hype, 
But Because of all the nog I left on his wife 
It's time for old nick to move and retire 
'Fore we roast his nuts on a bigass fire 
Yes I'm that bad, Yes, I'm that crude 
I mean your ass is huge, lose weight, for real dude 
All the cookies and milk, simply quite sick 
I mean, when's the last time you seen your dick 
I don't mean to throw a fit and I'm not one to bitch 
But every year I get underwear, socks, and shit 

[Girl as Dina Rae:] (Bob Rivers as Eminem:) 
Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells 
Jinglin' all the way 
Oh, what fun it is to ride in a drop top Chevrolet, hey 
Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells 
Jinglin' all the way 
Oh, what fun it is to ride 
From Detroit to East LA 
(yo) 
Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells 
Jingling all the way 
Oh, what fun it is to ride in a drop top Chevrolet, hey 
(yo, yo) 
Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells 
Jingling all the way 
Oh, what fun it is to ride 
From Detroit to East LA 




Artist: Eminem f/ Frogg 
* the only difference is that the album version censors 
the line "raped the women's swim team" in the third verse 

Intro: Frogg 

Whoah! 
A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin 'em 
and like, back and forth because ah 
this is.. what you thought it wasn't 
It beez.. the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen 
I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing in background* 
And check out the man he goes by the name of er... 

Verse One: Eminem 

Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady 
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady 
I'm buzzin, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer 
Cursin at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer 



You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from 
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album 
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin out in the open 
I'm doin acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin dope then 
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall) 
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it 
Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin up quick to strip your cash 
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass 
Bitch, I'm comin out swingin, so fast it'll make your eyes spin 
You gettin knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson 
The proof is in the puddin, just ask the Shawn Holman 
I'll slit your motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman 

Chorus: 

So when you see me on your block with two glocks 
Screamin _Fuck the World_ like Tupac 
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! 
Talkin that shit behind my back, dirty mackin 
tellin your boys that I'm on crack 
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! 
So put my tape back on the rack 
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack 
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! 
But see me on the street and duck 
Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed 
Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! 

Verse Two: Eminem 

I'm Nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Serch to crush a Miilkbone 
I'm Everlast-ing, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone 
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason 
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin 
Flavor with no seasonin, this is the sneak preview 
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review 
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals 
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols 
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles 
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!) 
Extortion, snortin, supportin abortion 
Pathological liar, blowin shit out of proportion 
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic 
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict 
Half animal, half man 
Dumpin your dead body inside of a fuckin trash can 
With more holes than an Afghan 

Chorus 

Verse Three: Eminem 

Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!) 
I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin like Rage Against the Machine 
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin up while this record is spinnin 
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion 
Fuck droppin the jaw, I'm flippin the sacred treasure 
I'll bite your motherfuckin style, just to make it fresher 
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches 
Sick of naggin bosses bitchin while I'm washin dishes 
In school I never said much, too busy havin a headrush 
Doin too much rush had my face flushed like red blush 
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed 
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team 
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian 
Too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin weed again 
I'm goin up over the curb, drivin on the median 
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in 

Chorus 

Outro: Eminem 

Hey, fuck that! 
Outsidaz.. 
Pace One.. 
Young Zee.. 





[Intro] 
Guess who's back 
Back again 
Shady's back 
Tell a friend 
Now everyone report to the dance floor 
To the dance floor, to the dance floor 
Now everyone report to the dance floor 
All right stop! Pajama time 

[Verse 1- Eminem] 
Come here little kiddies on my lap 
Guess who's back with a brand new rap 
And I don't mean rap as in a new case of child investigate 
And accusate (ahh ahh ahh!) 
No words, papas got a brand new bag of toys 
What else could I possibly do to make noise 
I done touched on everything but little boys 
Thats not a stab a Michael, thats just a metaphor 
I'm just psycho, I go a little bit crazy sometimes 



I get a little bit outta control with my rhymes 
Good god chick do a little slide 
Bend now touch your toes and just glide 
Up the center of the dance floor like TP for my bunghole 
And its cool if you let one go 
No body's gonna know who hear it
Give a little toot toot its okay 
Oops my cd just skipped 
And everyone just heard you let one rip 

[Chorus] 
Now I'm gonna make you dance get your chance 
Yeah boy shake that ass oops I meant girl 
Girl, girl, girl, girl you know you're my world 
Aight now lose it ahh ahh ahh, just lose it ahh ahh ahh 
Go crazy ahh ahh ahh oh baby oh baby 

[Verse 2- Eminem] 
Now its friday and its my day 
To party all the way to sunday 
Every single monday I dont know what day 
Everyday's just a holiday 
Cruisin on the freeway, feelin kinda breezy 
Get the top down, let my hair blow
I don't know where I'm goin 
But when I get there I know someone's gonna touch my body 
Excuse me miss I don't mean to sound like a jerk 
But I'm feelin a lil stressed out from work 
Could you punch me in the stomache and pull my hair 
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out yeah 
Whats your name girl whats your scurr? 
[Now you must be up out your mind] 
Dre ahh ahh beer guy goes blind 
I'm just tryna unwind now I'm 

[Chorus] 
Now I'm gonna make you dance get your chance 
Yeah boy shake that ass oops I meant girl 
Girl, girl, girl, girl you know you're my world 
Aight now lose it ahh ahh ahh, just lose it ahh ahh ahh 
Go crazy ahh ahh ahh oh baby oh baby 

[Verse 3- Eminem] 
Now its tuesday and I'm locked up 
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened 
Each day I was runnin butt naked down the street screamin ahh ahh ahh 
Mother I'm sorry I don't need your number 
All I need is this much I'm not guilty 
They said save it or we'll get you on tape tellin an old lady touch my body 
Now this is the part where the rap breaks down 
Its real intense no one makes a sound 
Everything looks like its 8 Mile now 
The beat comes back everybody just lose theirselves 
Snap back to reality look its B Rabbit 
Yo you signed me up to battle? 
I'm a grown man jubba jubba jubba jubba jubba jubba 
I know dont have any life I took a right hand whole 
Tell me fellas what tell me fellas what grab ya left nut and make ya right one jealous 
Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls, tall girls, small girls 
I'm callin all girls everyone report to the dance floor 
Its just chance for a little romance whore 
Butt squeezin its the season just go ahh ahh ahh 
So upeasin 

[Chorus] 
Now I'm gonna make you dance get your chance 
Yeah boy shake that ass oops I meant girl 
Girl, girl, girl, girl you know you're my world 
Aight now lose it ahh ahh ahh, just lose it ahh ahh ahh 
Go crazy ahh ahh ahh oh baby oh baby 

[Outro- Eminem] 
Touch my body, touch my body 
Ooh boy just touch my body 
I mean girl just touch my body

[Eminem] 
Are we supposed to shut up or talk...I'll cut your butt up and walk... 
Around with my ass showing all over the fuckin town 

[Proof] 
....Then You get done up in chalk 
Yo.... 

[Eminem] 
We ready...we ready .. we ready.. we ready ? 
Ready to hold it steady....Speakin of hold it steady.... 
You can hold my nuts steady and then.... 
I can stick my dick in you like a machette...If you're a girl... 
If you're a girl then you're my world...And I will kill anybody... 
That means... you, her or him 
It doesnt matter cuz I'm Eminem 
And I'm Slim...I'm also slim and your future's grim 

[Proof] 
Ha ha....don't stop 



D-12 y'all...yea we bust it off the top 
We get in that ass Preparation-H style 
Knock more boots than that group H-Town (Booo!) 
Everybody tryina tell us to wait now 
You look dumb as fuck...Like Puffy in his video on that breakdown (hahaha) 
Tryin to dance around 
How the fuck it feel lock in hand set now 
Sever your style .. Divide and Parish 
Part ish...when my cart is bustin thru this... 
Wassup to Bizzare Kid 
Targets get hit and liftoff 
Here it is we bout to rip off 
Lick shots...no time...we gettin dick snot 
Emzy... 

[Eminem] 
Speakin' of lift off.... 
I'm blastin off...your ass is soft...so I'm startin to jack off 
Cuz I'm so horny...and your lyrics are so corny 
That they bore me and I woke up too late this morning 
Or too early...wait a minute there goes Shirley... 
The girly I fucked last year when her hair was curly 
Couldn't remember it cuz I was Infinite 
And I met Ken Kaniff from Connecticut 
He said his predicits and pronouns and wanted to throw down 
And he said "I like you"...and then he walked up and said "Let me snake bite 
you!" 
And I said hell no...kicked him with my shell toe... 
Gave him a elbow...Ayo Proof ...go.... 

[Proof] 
Yo it's the D to the 1 - 2 
What you wanna get done to... 
Your chest plate...eradicate 
Get your flesh ate...easily done..Here it is... 
Freestyle...no need to write shit...cuz when we write shit 
Y'all like to bite shit...that why street light up when we write stuff
It's time to be the champions at this...it's D-12 
1-2 True crew...Slim Shady and Big proof 
Knockin over Igloos in Alaska when we blast ya 
A massacre creator, one time for data 
Darker than Vader...go anybody hot as the equator 
It's time to get down one time for those that dont know us 
Girls wanna blow us like Monica....Lewinsky 
Come against me... 

[Eminem] 
Go and see I'm an invincible Mc 
If you dont believe it then you wanna try to convince me 
That you're doper than me...which we'll hope 
You would hope to be....but hopefully I will rock globaly 
And nationwide...thats why my ass is wide 
Thats why your ass just died on the passanger side... 
Like a fuckin ride...when it got shot up by a drive by 
When I drove by 5 times and gave it five tries 
And still missed it 
I got a fuckin mental illness a gentle stillness... 
Violence...complete silence is what I need in the room while I freestyle 
What I need is to do...what is need is smoke weed and brew 
And......smoke brew ? You don't smoke brew... 
If you do I'll choke you and then I garauntee I'll out smoke you 
You're crew's a joke too and i can stick my dick in a bitch and poke you.... 

[Proof] 
Stick it in there....rock with my cock on sky rock 
Knock ya eye out the sock...(sock) 
Get..(get) yeah we come to rock....(it) 
So don't get in the way cuz we gon drop....(shit) 
Now how you feel right now we bust yo..op....(tic)....(tock) 
We lunatics with mics and we dont stop we come to rock 
The dirty dozen is non-stop.. 
To the top from tree tops to ewoks that pop Reeboks 
And men with pre-ops 
Yo now there is 3-Pac's 
Master P....Thug Life and now it's 2pac 
Get back to that one...here goes the rhyme that you dropped... 

[Eminem] 
The rhyme that I dropped is stickin up IHOP 
In high tops and walking around like a one eyed Cyclops 
And you can't see me....I only got one eye and I can still see you 
You can even give it a dumb try...If you're a dumb guy then come try this 
But I rock the microphone with my flyness 
So get off my jock..get of my cock..when I sky rock ...it in sky 
rock..shit...bitch 

[Proof] 
Ayo...a lot of people always try to tell us...that we gona be better or 
failrues 
But me or slim yo you cant tell me... 
You try to freestyle son we gon put these verses on your Lp 
Slow down with that old stuff....I heard the most of y'all is Mos Def 

[Eminem] 
My Lp...my whole Lp...tha last one was screaming help me 
You couldnt melt me if you was Vanilla Ice...Yo guess what.... 
My Nuuuuuuuuutz 
Here I go with the lyrical miracle...spiritual spirital...you dont wanna hear 
it tho 
I rickety rock the micrphone 
Don't do it dont do it cuz that shit is stupid...I knew it 
I take a beat and loop it...i take a beat and troop it 
What the fuck did that mean...I dont know but i got phat jeans on 
And I already said that but I dont know where my head's at 
All I wanna do is go back to the hotel and know where my bed's at 

[Proof] 
yo wheres the beds at so we can relax and catch Ease 
Y'all dont want none of tha dirty Deez 
>From the 3-1 its for the three of thirds 
One third Mc yo we smoke y'all like herbs 
Under the curb early morn take it to born 
Y'all get broke up...put back together ...re-enacment 
Some times you see this...you just a faggot 
No need to tag it...wit more loot that Jimmy Swagart 

[Eminem] 
Faggot....uh oh...was that homophobic... 
But no one knows it...and I'm so homophobic 
I wont even throw clothes in the Closet 
Fuck it...I've lost it....I'm holocausted...see my face it's written all 
acrossed it 
This beer makes me wanna disappear this year 
I'm so high I'm bout to die...and I'm so tired I'm bout to fry 
You're so fired you're down 

[Proof] 
Hey....it's me...it's the hamster man... 
Coming all the way from Amsterdam.... 
And I come to tell you all a little secret..... 
So you can ........eat it ....you got to grab your crackers 
{mumbling} 

[Eminem] 
Quit spittin your writ shit bitch I'll kill you and kick you 
In your motherfuckin dick and your clit...you little pussy 
Hermaphardite with no apettite 
And you aint rappin right but you was taking rapid bites 
Of my dick when you was on it...my brain is haunted 
I walk up in a place in a t shirt wit my stains on it 
But i dont give a damn...give a fuck...give a shit...give a hell 
give a piss give a dick give a lick 

[Proof] 
Yea....live and direct it's us 
You better back up... 

[Eminem] 
You better back up before I jack off 
Back off before I jack off 

[Proof] 
You better back off before he jack off (laughing) 
You better back off before I jack off 

[Eminem] 
Colder than Jack Frost...smack you across your face 
While I'm still jackin off 
Sittin in the closet beatin my shit 
Aint got nuttin else to do cuz I'm thinkin of a bitch 
Wait a minute ...oh shit she's here...
Look who walked in the door....come in it's Britney Spears 
(Ken Kaniff) 
Oh....come here little girl 
come here little girl 

[Eminem] 
What happened? (I dunno) 
We stopped rappin (Oh it's Clappin) 
Gun clappin...and all I need is one napkin to wipe the cum off 
When I come off with the drum off
Whatever the hell that meant...but I can still speak wit a accent 
A french accent Excuse my french but 
Suck my dick touche le le poo...uhh....bitch 

[Proof] 
Bonjuor...I'm here with the cure...Oh yea lets rock it for the drawer 
Hey Em...how you doin this is me...The Em jock...get off my... 
Damn cock .....laughing.... 

[Eminem] 
Yo while you're spraying verbs...you aint even fuckin saying words 
(THuuuG) Pronounce your words right...and you can ride around curbs 
And bounce your hebrs tight 
What the fuck ? 
Yo put another beat on before you get peed on 
Hi...Hi.... My name is ...my name is...my name is... 
Slim Shady...Slim Shady...Bitch you're little just like that Kim lady 
And I'm in sky rock radio...the shadiest bro on the radio 
But you dont hear me tho..... 




Come on hey hey we goin' to the beach 
grab a couple of toys and let dada strap you in the car seat. 
Where's Mama? 
She's takin' a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell dada must have run over a skunk. 
now I know what you're thinkin': 
it's kind of late to go swimmin' 
but you know your mama she's one of those types of women 
who does crazy things and if she don't get her way she'll throw a 
fit 
don't play with daddy's toy knife, honey, let go of it 
and don't be so upset, why you actin' bashful? 
don't you wanna help dadda build a sand castle? 
and mama said she wants to show how far she can float, 
and don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat 
it's just a little scratch it don't hurt,
her was eatin' dinner while you was sleepin' and spilled ketchup on 
her shirt 
mama's messy, isn't she, we'll let her wash off in the water 
and me and you can play by ourselves, can't we? 



just the two of us (sung) repeat 8-9 times 
there's a place called heaven and a place called hell, 
a place called prison and a place called jail, 
and dada's probably on his way to all of 'em except one, 
'cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson 
and you don't want a brother do ya? (Na) 
maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better, I'll 
explain it to ya. 
but for now we'll just say that mama was real, real bad 
she was bein' mean to dad and made him real, real mad 
but I still feel sad that I put her in time out, 
sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin' to climb out 
I told you it's okay, hey hey, wanna baba? 
take a night-night, nana-boo, goo-goo ga-ga 
humma goo-goo caca, dad'll change your dighty, 
clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty. 
you're dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water, 
'97 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter. 
just the two of us (sung) 
wake up sleepy head we're here, 
before we play, we're gonna take mama for a little walk along the 
pier. 
baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea, 
mama's too sleepy to hear you screamin' in her ear, 
that's why you can't get her to wake, 
but don't worry, dada made a nice bed for mama at the bottom of the
lake, 
here, you wanna help dada tie a rope around this rock? 
we'll tie it to her footsies then will roll her off the dock. 
ready now, here we go, on the count of three, 
one, two, three...weeeeeeeeee 
there goes mama splashin' in the water, 
no more fightin' your dad, no more restrainin' order, 
no more step dada, no more new brother, 
blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her, 
we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk, 
but first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk, 
just the two of us (sung) 




Call this mother fucker 
( dial tone ) 
Ohh fuck yeah 
Give em a piece of my mind.... 
A piece of my ass 
( Thanks for waiting, 
this is ----- 
may i help you? ) 
Ohh thank you 
I need to make a collect call 
( What number? ) 
Ohhh 
the numbers _62-____ 
( At the tone, please say your name. ) 
( beep ) 
Kennith Kaniff....from Connecticut. 
Automated piece of shit 
Ring, ring 



Yo 
Hey there cockboy. 
Who's this? 
This is Ken Kannif 
Who? 
Ken Kannif from Connecticut, ya little bitch. 
From Connecticut? 
Yean you wanna get a... 
I dont know nobody in Connecticut. 
You wanna get a hotel room with me? 
A hotel room? 
Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, EMINEM!? 
Ha.. Yo, wh, who is this? Cage? 
Hey, pa ha.. 
You want me ta fuckin melt in your mouth and not in your hand? Melt in 
your ass, ya little cockboy. 
He k k k k, yo shut up you little bitch. 
Oh you think Im lyin huh? 
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 







When I was just a little baby boy, 
my momma used to tell me these crazy things 
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man, 
she used to tell me he hated me 
But then I got a little bit older 
and I realized, she was the crazy one 
But there was nothin I could do or say to try to change it 
cause that's just the way she was 

They said I can't rap about bein' broke no more 
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more 
(AHHH!) Slut, you think I won't choke no whore 
'til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?! 
(AHHH!) These motherfuckers are thinkin, I'm playin 
Thinkin I'm sayin this shit cause I'm thinkin it just to be sayin it 
(AHHH!) Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you 
I'ma pull YOU to this bullet, and put it THROUGH you 
(AHHH!) Shut up slut, you're causin' too much chaos 



Just bend over and take it like a slut, okay Ma? 
"Oh, now he's raping his own mother, abusing a whore, 
snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?" 
You god damn right BITCH, and now it's too late 
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states 
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches 
vain Vicadin, vrinnn Vrinnn, VRINNN! {*chainsaw revs up*} 
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all 
danglin from his neck, while his head barely hangs on 
Blood, guts, guns, cuts 
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts 

Chorus: 

Bitch I'm-a kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me! 
Girls neither, you ain't nuttin' but a slut to me! 
Bitch I'm-a kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef 
We ain't gon' never stop beefin' I don't squash the beef 
You better kill me! I'm-a be another rapper dead 
for poppin off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't-a said 
But when they kill me I'm bringin the world with me 
Bitches too! You ain't nuttin' but a girl to me 
.. I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady (cause why?) 
Cause Shady, will fuckin' kill you (ah-haha) 
I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady (why?) 
Cause Shady, will fuckin' kill you.. 


Bitch I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'm-a conceal you 
in a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you 
Fuck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up! 
I'm tryin to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em 
I ain't "acid rap," but I rap on acid 
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added 
WHOOPS! Is that a subliminal hint? NO! 
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again 
Eminem offend? NO! Eminem'll insult 
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse 
to do it again, THEN, if he does it again 
you'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the 10th 
(Ahhhhhhhh!) Bitch I'm-a kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus 
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest 
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times 
in a tub but that's normal' ain't it Norman? 
Serial killer hidin murder material 
in a cereal box on top of your stereo 
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine 
out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in 

Chorus (first line starts "Or I'ma kill you!") 


Eh-heh, know why I say these things? 
Cause lady's screams keep creepin' in Shady's dreams 
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks 
this eighty G's a week to say the same things THREECE! 
TWICE? Whatever, I hate these things 
Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks 
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows 
just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink? 
FUCK THAT! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer 
from fat bitch to all seventy-thousand pounds of her 
from principal to the student body and counselor 
from in-school to before school to out of school 
I don't even believe in breathin' I'm leavin air in your lungs 
just to hear you keep screamin for me to seep it 
OKAY, I'M READY TO GO PLAY 
I GOT THE MACHETE FROM O.J. 
I'M READY TO MAKE EVERYONE'S THROATS ACHE 
You faggots keep eggin' me on 
til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop? 
SHUT UP! Give me your hands and feet 
I said SHUT UP when I'm talkin' to you 
YOU HEAR ME? ANSWER ME! 

Chorus (first line starts "Or I'ma kill you!" 
ninth line starts "Bitch I'ma kill you!") 

[Eminem] 
Hahaha, I'm just playin ladies 
You know I love you 







(Talking) 
Aww... look at daddy's baby girl. It's daddy's baby. Little sleepy head. 
Yesterday I changed your diaper, wiped you and powdered you. 
How did you get so big? Can't believe it, now you're two. 
Hailie your so precious, daddy's so proud of you. 
SIT DOWN BITCH YOU MOVE AGAIN I BEAT THE SHIT OUTTA YOU! 

(Rapping) 
Don't make me wake this baby, she don't need to see what I'm about to do. 
Quit crying bitch, why you always make me shout at you? 
How could you just leave me and love him out the blue. 
Aww what's the matter Kim am I to loud for you? 
Too bad bitch your gonna finally hear me out this time. 
At first I'm like aight you wanna throw me out that's fine. 
But not for him to take my place, are you outcha mind? 
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine. 
How could you let him sleep in our bed? 
Look at Kim, look at your husband now, I said look at him, he ain't so hot now 



is he? 
Little punk 

Kim: Why you doing this? 
Eminem: Shut the fuck up 
Kim: Your drunk, your never going to get away with this 
Eminem: You think I give a fuck? Come on were going for a ride bitch. 
Kim: No!!! 
Eminem: Sit up front 
Kim: We can't just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up? 
Eminem: Will be right back, well I will, you'll be in the trunk. 

Chorus: 
So long, 
Bitch you did me so wrong 
I dont wanna go on, 
Living in this world without you. 
So long, 
Bitch you did me so wrong 
I dont wanna go on, 
Living in this world without you. 

You really fucked me Kim, you really did a number on me. 
Never knew me cheatin on you would come back to haunt me. 
But we was kids then Kim, I was only 18 
That was years ago, I thought we wiped the slate clean. 
That's fucked up! 

Kim: I love you. 
Eminem: Oh god, my brain is racin.
Kim: I love you. 
Eminem: What are you doing, change the station I hate this song. 
Does this look like a big joke? 
There's a four year old little boy laying dead with a slit throat in your 
living room. 
HAHA, what? you think I'm kidding you? You loved him didn't you? 
Kim: No! 
Eminem: Bullshit you bitch, don't fucking lie to me. 
What the fucks this guys problem on the side of me? 
Fuck you asshole, yea bite me. 
Kim, KIM, why don't you like me? 
You think I'm ugly don't you? 
Kim: It's not 
Eminem: No, you think I'm ugly 
Kim: Baby 
Eminem: Get the fuck away from me. 
Dont touch me. 
I hate you, I hate you, I swear to god I hate you. 
Oh my god I love you. 
How the fuck could you do this to me? 
Kim: Im sorry. 
Eminem: How the fuck could you do this to me? 

(Chorus) 

Eminem: Come on get out 
Kim: I cant, Im scared. 
Eminem: I said get out Bitch. 
Kim: Let go of my hair, please dont do this baby. 
Please, I love you. 
Look we can just take Hailie and leave. 
Eminem: FUCK YOU, you did this to us, you did it, its your fault. 
Oh my god, Im crackin up, get a grip Marshall. 
Hey, remember the time we went to Brians party? 
And you were like so drunk you threw up all over Archie? 
That was funny wasnt it? 
Kim: Yes. 
Eminem: That was funny wasnt it? 
Kim: YES! 
Eminem: See it all makes sense doesnt it? 
You and your husband have a fight, one of you trys to grab a knife and during 
the struggle he accidentally get his adams apple sliced. 
And while this is going his son has woke up and he walks in, she panics and 
he gets his throat cut. 
Now there both dead and you slashed your own throat so now its double homicide 
and suicide with no note. 
I should of known better. 
When you started to act weird, we could of, HEY, where you going, get back 
here. You can't run from me Kim, its just us, nobody else. 
Your only making this harder on your self. 
HAHA, gotcha! Go ahead, yell 
Here I'll scream with you. 
AH SOMEBODY HELP. 
Dont you get it bitch? 
No one can here you, now shut the fuck up and get whats coming to you. 
You were supposed to love me. 
Now bleed bitch bleed! 
Bleed bitch bleed! 
Bleed!!!!! 

(Chorus) 




[Gwen Stefani] 
Here to stay 
Even when I'm gone 
When I close my eyes 
Through the passage of time 
Kings never die 

[Eminem] 
I can hear the drummers drumming 
And the trumpets, someone's tryna summon someone, I know something's coming 
But I'm running from it to be standing at the summit 
And plummet, how come it wasn't what I thought it was 
Was it, too good to be true? 
Have nothing, get it all but too much of it 
Then lose it again, then I swallow hallucinogens 
Cause if not, where the hell did it go? 
Cause here I sit in Lucifer’s den by the dutch oven 
Just choosing to sin 
Even if it means I'm selling my soul, just to be the undisputed again 
Do whatever I gotta do this to win 



Cause I got this motherfucking cloud over my head 
Crown around it, thorns on it 
Cracks in it, bet you morons didn't 
Think I'd be back, did ya? 
How 'bout that I’m somehow now back to the underdog 
But no matter how loud that I bark, this sport is something I never bow-wow'd at 
I complain about the game, I shout and I pout, it's a love-hate 
But I found out that I can move a mountain of doubt 
Even when you bitches are counting me out, and I appear to be down for the count 
Only time I ever been out and about is driving around town with my fucking whereabouts, in a doubt cause 
I been lost tryna think of what I did to get here but I'm not a quitter 
Gotta get up, give it all I got or give up 
Spit or shit or stepped on but kept going 
I'm tryna be headstrong but it feels like I slept on my neck wrong
Cause you're moving onto the next, but is the respect gone? 
Cause someone told me that 
(Kings never die) 

[Eminem] 
Don't give me that sob story liar, don't preach to the choir 
You ain't ever have to reach in the fire to dig deep 
Nobody ever handed me shit in life, not even a flyer 
Wouldn't even take shit into consideration 
Obliterate anyone in the way 
I think I see why a lot of rappers get on these features and try to show out on a track with me 
But it'd actually have to be a fucking blowout to get me to retire 
Tell these new artists that kings never die 
I know shit has changed in this age, fuck a Twitter page, did just say I've been upstaged? 
Why am I online? It's driving me crazy, I'm riding shotgun tryna get a gauge 
Almost hot, but I'm not running kaboom, with a stage pass and this shit 
And opinions sway, I can hear them say, if I stay passionate maybe I can stay Jay miraculous 
Comeback as if I went away, but detractors just say some bullshit for the Renegade 
Someone's gonna make me blow my composure 
Here I go again, to the stage and I feel like I'm in a cage 
They so want a champion to fall 
I still wonder why I laugh at 'em cause why carry when I'm all 
So fuck what these cynics say 
Just goes to show that when my back's against the wall 
And I'm under attack again, I'll act as if I'm posted up 
With this pented rage cause saw all these plaques in my office 
On the floor stacked against the door 
All be just metaphors for the odds of 
When you comin' back again cause all the accomplishments, accolades, awards 
And trophies just don't mean jack anymore 
Cause I'm here today and gone tomorrow 
And I'm not gonna be 

[Gwen Stefani] 
Here to stay 
Even when I'm gone 
When I close my eyes 
Through the passage of time 
Kings never die 

[Verse 3: Eminem] 
I want it, I'm coming to get it, so you son of a bitches don't duck your gun and get rid of those 
Critics all end up in critical, think your shit is dope all you're gonna get is smoked then 
And I'm not stopping until I'm top again, all alone and on a throne 
Like a token of respect, or a homage poem, or an ode, I've been on 
Tossed in the air by my own arm, and launched so hard I broke my collarbone 
And it's my time to go, but I'm still not leaving 
Stop for no one, I don't know but I've been told that I should go 
Launch a Rover, knock it over, time to go for that pot of gold, cause 

[Eminem] 
They say kings never die 
Just ask Jam Master Jay 
They just grow wings and they fly 
So, hands up, reach for the sky 
Try to hold up and provoke these moments 
Cause in a blink of an eye 
They'll be over 

[Eminem] 
Tryna secure your legacy like Shakur 
And ensure that nobody's ever gonna be what you were 
So before you're leaving this Earth 
You want people to feel the fury of a pure evil cerebral berzerk 
Deacon of words, syllable genius at work 
Plus I'm think that they're mistaking my kindness for weakness, distill it with meanness 
With some kind of back flipping burgers on the grill for some peanuts 
Secure us to arenas, call me Gilbert Arenas, still appeal to the dreamers 
I made it to the silverscreen where Rocky stepped with the demons 
Khalil on the beat cause making the beat ain’t the same feeling to me is killing the beat 
It's overfilling to me, what filling a seat is 
That sound, vomit, thirst and how common underground commons eat 
Outsider stomach growl, throbbing hunger 
Out-rhyming everyone, God just give me one shot 
I swear that I won't let you down 
I'mma be around forever, entertain even in the ground 
You ain't ever gonna hear me say I ain't 

[Gwen Stefani] 
Here to stay 
Even when I'm gone 
When I close my eyes 
Through the passage of time 
Kings never die 
Oh, oh, oh 
Oh, oh, oh 
Kings never die

[Gwen:] 
Là pour rester 
Même quand je suis parti 
Lorsque je ferme les yeux 
À travers le passage du temps 
Les rois ne meurent jamais 

[Eminem:] 
Je peux entendre les batteurs tambouriner 
Et les trompettes, quelqu'un essaie de convoquer quelqu'un, je sais que quelque chose va venir 
Mais je le fuis pour être debout au sommet 
Et chuter, comment se fait-il que ça n'ait pas été ce que je pensais que c'était 
Était-ce, trop beau pour être vrai? 
J'ai rien, j'ai tout eu mais trop de ça 
Ensuite j'ai à nouveau tout perdu, puis j'ai avalé des hallucinogènes 
Parce que si c'est pas le cas, où diable est-ce passé? 
Parce que là, je suis assis dans l'antre de Lucifer sur la cocotte 
Choisissant juste de pécher 
Même si ça signifie que je vends mon âme, juste pour être à nouveau le leader incontesté 
Je fais ce que je dois faire simplement pour gagner 



Parce que j'ai ce putain de nuage au-dessus de ma tête 
Un couronne autour, des épines dessus 
Des fissures dessus, je parie que vous les débiles ne l'aviez pas 
Vous pensez que je serais de retour, vraiment? 
Qu'en est-il du fait qu'en quelque sorte je sois de retour dans les perdants 
Mais peu importe comme fort j'aboie, ce sport est quelque chose pour lequel je ne fais jamais ouaf-ouaf 
Je me plains du jeu, je crie et je boude, c'est un amour-haine 
Mais j'ai découvert que je peux déplacer une montagne de doutes 
Même lorsque vous, connards, me compter hors jeu, et je semble être là pour le compte 
Seul le temps où j'ai jamais été out et presque, se balade en ville avec mes putains d'allées et venues dans le doute 
Parce que je me suis perdu en essayant de penser à ce que j'avais fait pour atterrir ici mais je ne suis pas un lâcheur 
Je dois me lever, donner tout ce que j'ai ou abandonner 
Cracher, chier ou piétiné mais continuer 
J'essaie d'être obstiné mais il semble que j'ai dormi avec mon cou de travers 
Parce que tu passes au suivant, mais qu'en est-il du respect? 
Parce que quelqu'un m'a dit que 
(Les rois ne meurent jamais) 

Ne me donne pas cette histoire de sanglot mensonger, ne prêche pas pour les convertis 
Tu n'as jamais eu à atteindre le feu pour creuser profond 
Personne ne m'a jamais tendu de merde dans la vie, pas même un tract 
Je ne prendrais même pas de la merde en considération 
Oblitérer toute personne sur la route 
Je pense que je vois pourquoi beaucoup de rappeurs arrivent à ces caractéristiques et essaient de se montrer sur une piste avec moi 
Mais ça devrait être une putain d'explosion pour que je me retire 
Dis à ces nouveaux artistes que les rois ne meurent jamais 
Je sais que les trucs ont changé dans cette époque, au diable une page Twitter, est-ce que ça disait que j'ai été éclipsé? 
Pourquoi je suis en ligne? Ça me rend dingue, je me sers d'un fusil de chasse en essayant d'avoir une mesure 
Sur ce qui est dans le coup, mais je ne suis pas du genre à me conformer, mais au fur et à mesure que les jours passent dans cette merde 
Et que les opinions balancent, je peux les entendre dire que si je reste passionné peut-être je peux rester miraculeusement sur scène 
Revenir comme si j'étais parti, mais les détracteurs disent juste de la merde pour les rebelles 
Quelqu'un va faire sauter mon sang-froid 
Me revoici, sur la scène et je me sens comme en cage 
Ils veulent tellement voir un champion tomber 
Il n'est pas étonnant que je me moque d'eux car pourquoi ne pouvons-nous tous gagner? 
Alors au diable ce que ces cyniques disent 
Ça montre juste que quand j'ai le dos au mur 
Et que je suis à nouveau sous les attaques, j'agirai comme je suis censé le faire 
Avec cette rage refoulée parce que j'ai vu toutes ces plaques dans mon bureau 
Sur le sol empilées contre la porte 
Sont-elles juste des métaphores aux probabilités que je revienne encore? 
Parce que toutes les réalisations, les accolades, les récompenses 
Et les trophées ne représentent plus une motivation 
Parce que je suis là aujourd'hui et parti demain 
Et je ne vais pas être 

[Gwen:] 
Là pour rester 
Même quand je suis parti 
Lorsque je ferme les yeux 
À travers le passage du temps 
Les rois ne meurent jamais 

[Eminem:] 
Je le veux, je viens le chercher, alors vous les fils de pu**s n'esquivez pas ou vous finirez comme Riddick Bowe 
Les critiques finissent en critique, vous pensez que votre merde est de la dope, tout ce que vous allez obtenir est en fumée alors 
t je ne m'arrête pas tant que je ne suis pas à nouveau au sommet, tout seul et sur un trône 
Comme un signe de respect, ou un poème d'hommage, ou une ode qu'on me devait 
Jeté en l'air par mon propre bras, et lancé si fort que je me suis cassé la clavicule 
Et quand mon temps sera venu de partir, je ne partirai pas 
J'arrête pour personne, je ne sais pas, mais on m'a dit qu'un obstacle bloquait ta route 
Renverse-le, il est temps de chercher ce pot d'or, parce que 

Ils disent que les rois ne meurent jamais 
Demande juste à Jam Master Jay 
Des ailes leur poussent et ils volent 
Alors, mains en l'air, viser le ciel 
Essayer de tenir bon et provoquer ces moments 
Parce qu'en un clin d'oeil 
Ils seront finis 

Essayer de sécuriser votre héritage comme Shakur 
Et veiller à ce que personne ne soit jamais ce que vous étiez 
Alors avant de quitter cette Terre 
Tu veux que les gens ressentent la furie d'un pur cerveau fou et démoniaque 
Un diacre des mots, un génie des syllabes en action 
De plus, je suis pense qu'ils ont pris ma gentillesse pour de la faiblesse, je les tuerai avec méchanceté kill'em 
Je suis passé du lait en poudre et la farine à retourner des hamburgers sur le gril pour quelques cacahuètes 
De Gilbert à Arenas, appelez-moi Gilbert Arenas, encore faire appel aux rêveurs 
Je l'ai fait sur grand écran mais Rocky en reste le thème 
Khalil sur le rythme parce que faire le rythme n'est pas la même sensation pour moi comme tuer le rythme 
Ou l'accomplissement pour moi est ce que remplir un siège est 
C'est ce "Sound Bombing", Thirstin' Howl, Common, Underground, Diamond D, Outsidaz 
Grondement d'estomac, la faim lancinante, empêchant tout le monde de rimer, 
Dieu me donne juste un tir, je jure que je ne vais pas vous laisser tomber 
Je suis dans le coin pour toujours et même plus, divertir même sous terre 
Vous ne m'entendrez jamais dire que je ne peux pas 

[Gwen:] 
Là pour rester 
Même quand je suis parti 
Lorsque je ferme les yeux 
À travers le passage du temps 
Les rois ne meurent jamais 
Oh, oh, oh 
Les rois ne meurent jamais

[Polina] 
Tell me where to go, tell me what to do, I’ll be right there for you 
Tell me what to say, don’t matter if it’s true, I’ll say it all for you 

[Eminem] 
I used to be the type of kid would always think the sky is falling 
Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian? 
What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in 
Cause I don't belong in this world 
That’s why I'm scoffing at authority, defying often 
Flying off at the handle with my mom, no dad 
So I’m non complying at home, at school I’m just shy and awkward 
And no I don’t need no goddamn psychologist 
Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlying problems 
Thinking he can try and solve 'em, I’m outside chalking up 
Drawings on the sidewalk and in the front drive talking to myself 
Either that or inside hiding off in 
The corner somewhere quiet, trying not to be noticed 
I’m crying and sobbing, I had a bad day at school so I ain't talking 
Some cocksucker shoved me into a fucking locker, he said I eyeballed him 




And if you fall, ill get you there, I’ll be your savior from all the wars 
That are fought inside your world, please have faith in my words cause 

This is my legacy (Legacy) 
This is my legacy (Legacy) 
There’s no guarantee, it’s not up to me you can only see 
This is my legacy (Legacy) 

[Eminem] 
I used to be the type of kid would always think the sky is falling 
Why am I so differently wired in my noggin? 
Cause sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind boggling 
Cause I obsess on everything and my mind it’s small shit 
Bothers me but now my father, he said Sayonara,then split 
But I don’t give a shit I’m fine as long as 
There's batteries in my Walkman nothing is the matter with me 
Shit look at the bright side at least I ain’t walking 
I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment 
Complex on a ten speed which I've acquired parts that I 
Found in the garbage, a frame and put tires on it 
Headphones on straight ahead and kids try to start shit, 
But if this all there is for me Life offers 
Why bother even try and put up a fight It's nonsense 
But I think a lightbulb just lit up in my conscience 
What about those rhymes I've been jottin' 
They are kinda giving me confidence 
Instead of tryina escape through my comics, 
Why don't I just blast a little something like Onyx 
To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that 
Say what I wanna say to the kid that said that I eyeballed him 
Grab hold of my balls like that's right fight's on bitch 
Who would've knew from the moment I turned the mic on 
I could be iconic, and my conquest is 
Word to Phife Dawg from a Tribe Called Quest 

This is my legacy (Legacy) 
This is my legacy (Legacy) 
There’s no guarantee, it’s not up to me you can only see 
This is my legacy (Legacy) 

[Eminem] 
I used to be the type of kid that, would always think the sky is falling 
Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome 
Cause if I wasn't I wouldn't be able to work 
Words like this and connect lines like crosswords 
And use my enemy's words as strength 
To try and draw from, and get inspired off em 
Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit 
By you wack fucking giant sacks of lying dog shit 
Now you shut up bitch I am talking
Thought I was full of horseshit and now 
You fucking worship the ground in which I am walking 
Me against the world so what? I'm Brian Dawkins 
Versus the whole 0 and 16 Lions offense 
So bring on the Giants Falcons and Miami Dolphins 
It's the body bag game bitch I'm supplying coffins 
Cause you dicks, butt kiss, a bunch of brian baldingers 
You gon die a ball licker I've been diabolical 
With this dialogue since 99 Rawkus 
You don't respect the legacy I leave behind y'all can 
Suck a dick The day you beat me pigs'll fly out my ass 
And a flying saucer full of Italian sausage 
The most high exalting and I ain't halting 
Till I die of exhaustion inhale my exhaust fumes 
The best part about me is I am not you 
I am me I'm a fire marshall and this is my 

This is my legacy (Legacy) 
This is my legacy (Legacy) 
There’s no guarantee, it’s not up to me you can only see 
This is my legacy (Legacy)

Dis-moi où aller, dis-moi quoi faire
Je serai là pour toi 
Dis-moi quoi dire, peu importe si c’est vrai 
Je le dirai pour toi 

[Eminem] 
J’avais pour habitude d’être ce genre de gosse, pensant toujours que le ciel lui tombe sur la tête 
Pourquoi suis-je si différent des autres ? Est-ce que j'appartiens à ce monde ? 
Dans quel genre d’expérience étrange suis-je impliqué ? 
Je ne fais pas partie de ce monde 
C’est pourquoi je me moque des règles et fais souvent le provocateur 
J’échappe totalement à l’autorité de ma mère, et je n’ai pas de père 
A la maison je n’obéis pas, à l’école je suis timide et étrange 
Non ! Je n’ai pas besoin d’un psychologue 
Pour essayer d’expliquer pourquoi j’ai tant de problèmes enfouis en moi 
Pensant qu’il peut tenter de les résoudre, je traîne dehors et je dessine 
A la craie sur le trottoir ou sur l’allée devant la maison, me parlant à moi-même 
Sois ça, sois enfermé à l’intérieur, je me cache 
Dans un coin calme, essayant de ne pas me faire remarquer 
Je pleure et sanglote, j’ai eu une sale journée à l’école, donc je ne suis pas bavard 



Un enfoiré m’a enfermé de force dans un putain de casier, parce qu’il a pensé que je l’avais regardé de travers 

Si tu trébuches, je t’amènerais à destination 
Je serais ton sauveur parmi tous tes combats que tu mèneras au cours de ta vie 
Je t’en prie, ai confiance en mes mots 
Car... ceci est mon héritage, héritage 
Ceci est mon héritage, héritage 
Il n’y pas aucune garantie, car cela ne dépend pas que de moi tu vois 
Ceci est mon héritage, héritage 

[Eminem] 
J’avais pour habitude d’être ce genre de gosse, pensant toujours que le ciel lui tombe sur la tête 
Pourquoi suis-je si différent des autres ? Suis-je détraqué ? 
C’est la faute à mon esprit qui marche au ralenti, ça me fait buguer 
Tout m’obsède, le moindre petit détail peut me faire péter un câble
Comme quand je pense à mon père, il a dit « Sayonara » et s’est envolé 
Mais j’en ai rien à foutre, tout va bien tant que 
J’ai des piles dans mon baladeur, rien ne peut m’atteindre 
J’essaie de voir le bon côté, au moins je n’ai pas à marcher 
Je roule avec mon vélo dans le voisinage, près de mon appartement 
L’air défait, sur mon bicycle à dix vitesses que j’ai assemblé à partir de pièces que j’ai trouvé dans les poubelles, 
Un cadre auquel j’ai ajouté des roues 
J’ai mes écouteurs sur les oreilles et roule tout droit, pourtant d’autres gosses viennent chercher la merde 
Alors si c’est tout ce que la vie à m’offrir 
Pourquoi essayer de lutter ? Ça n’a aucun sens... 
Tiens, je crois qu’une idée vient de germer dans ma tête 
Par rapport à ces rimes que je griffonne dans mon cahier 
Elles me donnent un semblant de confiance en moi 
Au lieu d’essayer de m’échapper grâce à mes comics 
Pourquoi ne pas me mettre un petit morceau d'Onyx dans les oreilles ? 
Afin de me redonner confiance et me donner envie de me battre, et d’écrire des chansons 
Qui racontent ce que j’aimerais répondre à ce connard qui affirme que je l’ai regardé de travers 
Je lui montrerai de quoi je suis capable, c’est ça enfoiré, viens te battre ! 
Qui aurait pu prévoir que dès le moment où je prendrais le micro en main 
Je pourrais devenir une icône durant mon combat 
Un peu comme l’a fait Phife Dog de A Trib Called Quest 

Si tu trébuches, je t’amènerais à destination 
Je serais ton sauveur parmi tous tes combats que tu mèneras au cours de ta vie 
Je t’en prie, ai confiance en mes mots 
Car... ceci est mon héritage, héritage 
Ceci est mon héritage, héritage 
Il n’y pas aucune garantie, car cela ne dépend pas que de moi tu vois 
Ceci est mon héritage, héritage 

[Eminem] 
J’avais pour habitude d’être ce genre de gosse, pensant toujours que le ciel lui tombe sur la tête 
Maintenant je vois ma différence comme un atout 
Car si j’étais ordinaire, je serais incapable d’arranger les mots ensemble et de connecter le tout comme un mots-croisés 
Je serai incapable d’utiliser les mots de mes rivaux comme une arme 
Et d’essayer d’en tirer quelque chose, de m’en inspirer 
Durant toute ma vie j’ai entendu sans cesse que je n’étais qu’un moins que rien 
De votre part, vous bande de sacs à merde, putain de menteurs 
MAINTENANT TU LA FERMES ENCULE, C’EST MOI QUI PARLE ! 
Tu pensais que je n’étais qu’un petit merdeux, martyrisé et qui s'est fait violé 
Et maintenant tu vénères le putain de sol que je foule 
C’était moi contre la terre entière, pas vrai ? Je suis Brian Dawkins 
Face aux opposants des Lions en phase offensive 
Vas-y, ramène-moi les Giants Falcons et les Miami Dolphins 
Je vous met tous à l’amande, et vous plonge dans vos cercueils 
Vous n'apparaissais même plus sur mon radar, vous êtes un genre de Brian Baldingers 
Vous ne serez jamais à mon niveau, je suis diabolique 
De la même manière lors de l'année 99 quand j’étais sous Rawkus 
Si vous ne respectez pas l’héritage que je laisse derrière moi 
Alors vous pouvez tous sucer ma bite, le jour où vous me surpasserez, des cochons me sortiront du cul 
Dans des soucoupes volantes, remplis de saucisses Italiennes 
J’éprouve tant d’excitation, donc je ne m’arrête pas 
Jusqu’à ce que je meurs d’épuisement, avalez ce que j’ai à dire 
Ce qu’il y a de mieux dans le fait d’être moi, c’est que je ne suis PAS TOI 
Je suis moi, je suis le « Fire-Marshall », et ceci est... 

Si tu trébuches, je t’amènerais à destination 
Je serais ton sauveur parmi tous tes combats que tu mèneras au cours de ta vie 
Je t’en prie, ai confiance en mes mots 
Car... ceci est mon héritage, héritage 
Ceci est mon héritage, héritage 
Il n’y pas aucune garantie, car cela ne dépend pas que de moi tu vois 
Ceci est mon héritage, héritage

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
We all fall down like toy soldiers 
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers 
[Verse 1] 
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure 
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders 
I am never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it 
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter 
I'd never drag them in battles that I can't handle unless I absolutely have to 
I'm supposed to set an example 
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em 
If some shit ever just pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em 
Now the Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it 
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it 
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it 
It was crazy, this shit be way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit 
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it 
I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted 
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it 



This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it 
That was never my object for someone to get killed 
Why would I wanna destroy something I helped build 
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions was good 
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' ...
Now it's just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth 
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about 
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef 
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth 
While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life 
Like fuck it I understand this is business 
And this shit just isn't none of my business 
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cuz 
[Chorus] 
[Verse 2] 
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme 
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin' 
But now it's elevated cuz once you put someone's kids in it 
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it? 
It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin' 
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin' 
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him 
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him 
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how he stabbed him 
Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it 
Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions 
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk 
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection 
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record 
But now he's fucked the game up cuz one of the ways I came up 
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous 
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin' 
Well fuck it, that mutherfucker can get it too, fuck him then 
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think 
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc. 
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind 
We still have soldiers that's on the front line 
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders 
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us 
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus 
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is 
To have Runion Avenue Soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is 
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered 
It ain't worth it I can't think of a

Pas à pas, cœur contre cœur, gauche-droite-gauche 
Nous tombons tous comme des petits soldats 

Pas à pas, cœur contre cœur, gauche-droite-gauche 
Nous tombons tous comme des petits soldats 
Peu à peu, nous nous entre-déchirons, nous ne gagnerons jamais 
Mais la guerre paie, pour les petits soldats 

Je suis censé être le soldat qui ne perd jamais son sang froid 
Même si je porte le poids du monde entier sur mes épaules 
Je ne suis pas censé le montrer, mon équipe n’est pas censée le savoir 
Même si cela devait impliquer de partir en guerre contre un certain Benzino, ça n’a pas d’importance 
Je ne les embarquerais jamais dans une bataille que je peux mener seul, à moins que je n'en ai absolument besoin 
Je suis censé être un exemple 
Je dois être un leader pour mon équipe, ils attendent de moi que je les guide 
Si le moindre problème se présente, je me dois d'être à leur côté 
Cette histoire avec Ja, quand j’ai tenté d'y mettre fin par une poignée de main, il était déjà trop tard 
Il y a une ligne bien définie qu'il ne faut pas franchir, et lui la franchit 
Je l’ai entendu dire le nom d’Hailie dans une chanson et j’ai perdu mes esprits 
C’était plus que je ne l'aurais imaginé, ce différent était allé bien plus loin que l’histoire entre Jay-Z et Nas 



Et même quand la partie fut gagnée, j'avais l'impression que nous l'avions perdu 
J’ai dépensé tellement d’énergie là-dedans qu'en toute honnêteté, je suis épuisé 
Et je m'y suis tellement impliqué que je me sens presque comme celui qui en est la cause 
Ce n’est pas pour cela que je me suis investi dans le Hip-hop, ça n’est pas la raison qui m’a fait commencé 
Que quelqu'un se fasse tuer n'a jamais été mon but 
Pourquoi voudrais-je détruire quelque chose que j’ai aidé à constuire ? 
Ca n’était pas mes intentions, les miennes étaient bonnes 
J’ai bâti toute ma carrière sans jamais mentionner le nom de Suge
Maintenant c’est juste par signe de respect que je contrôle la moindre de mes paroles afin de ne pas médire... 
Pour ne pas parler d'une chose dont je ne sais absolument rien, 
De plus Dre m’avait dit de rester hors de cette guerre, ce n'était simplement pas mon problème 
Je l’ai écouté, je me suis retiré... Je me suis contenté de devenir simple spectateur et j'ai serré les dents face à ce spectacle 
Pendant qu’il était omniprésent à la télévision, en train de dénigrer un homme qui m'a litéralement sauvé la vie, 
Très bien, je comprends, c’est le business... Et en aucun cas cela sont mes affaires 
Mais je savais que cette histoire pouvait déraper a tout moment, parce que 

Pas à pas, cœur contre cœur, gauche-droite-gauche 
Nous tombons tous comme des petits soldats 
Peu à peu, nous nous entre-déchirons, nous ne gagnerons jamais 
Mais la guerre paie, pour les petits soldats 

Il fut un temps où l'on pouvait réciter un vers 
Sans craindre que cela ne cause la mort d'un de ses proches 
Mais dorénavant tout est bien plus important, puisque dès l'on implique l’enfant de quelqu’un dans ces évènements 
L’affaire prend de l’ampleur, ce ne sont plus seulement des mots, n’est-ce pas ? 
C’est une autre histoire, en disant des noms tu ne fais pas que rapper
On a réellement essayé d’arrêter le beef entre Ja (Rule) et 50 (cent) avant qu'il ne tourne au plus mal 
Dre et moi l’avons pris à part et avons discuté à tête reposé avec lui 
On lui a demandé de ne pas commencer, qu’il ne fallait pas entrer dans son jeu 
Jusqu’à ce que Ja commence à japper dans les magazines sur la manière dont il l'avait poignardé 
Laisse tomber 50, règle lui son compte, écrase-le, donne lui ce qu’il cherche 
Pendant ce temps mon regard se détourna dans d’autres directions 
Un réceptionniste de The Source qui répond au téléphone dans son bureau 
A eu une révélation sur mon compte et pensa que j’étais sa résurrection 
Tout en essayant d’enlever la poussière sur son micro afin de faire un nouveau disque 
Mais le jeu était faussé parce qu’une des voies que j'ai emprunté pour faire mes premiers pas sur le devant de la scène 
Avait été ouverte par ce magazine, celui-là même qui m’avait rendu célèbre 
Désormais son propriétaire avait une rancœur sans raison particulière à mon encontre 
Très bien, ainsi soit-il, ce jaloux pouvait aussi y avoir droit, je n'ai que faire de lui 
Mais je suis si occupé a être en rogne que je n’arrête pas de penser 
Qu’on venait juste d'hériter du conflit entre 50 Cent et Murder Inc. 
Et il inaugurait le mien, il était clair que tout semblait s'harmoniser à l'inverse de nos esprits 
Mais nous avions toujours des soldats en première ligne qui étaient prêt à mourir au front aussitôt qu’on en donnerait l’ordre 
Jamais pour nous extorquer, uniquement pour nous montrer qu’ils nous épaulent/soutiennent 
Et en retour peut-être les citera t-on dans une chanson ou bien lors d'un refrain 
Pour leur montrer qu'on les aime aussi et ainsi leur faire savoir à quel point ils sont importants à nos yeux 
(et qu'il est important) Pour nous d'avoir des Soldats de l'avenue Runyon dans nos rangs 
Leur loyauté à notre égard a bien plus de valeur que n’importe quel Award/récompense 
Mais je ne veux en aucun cas causer du mal, voir la mort, de l'un des miens 
Cela n'en vaut pas la peine... 
Et il n’y a pas de meilleures paroles qui me viennent à l'esprit que de leur dire que 
Je vous aime tous bien trop pour voir l'un d'entre vous tomber sous le coup d'une sentence 
Je vais laisser tout ceçi derrière moi avant que la situation ne dégénère plus 
Cependant ne vous y trompez pas, ne déformez pas mes paroles, 
Il ne s'agit pas d'un plaidoyer, je ne demande pas de circonstances atténuantes 
J’aspire juste à être un homme plus juste 
A tous, si vous pouviez arrêter de sortir les crocs à la moindre effervescence 
Parce que, toujours en toute sincérité, je suis fatigué de parler 
Je ne vais pas laisser le cercueil de quelqu'un d'autre peser sur ma conscience parce que... 

Pas à pas, cœur contre cœur, gauche-droite-gauche 
Nous tombons tous comme des petits soldats 
Peu à peu, nous nous entre-déchirons, nous ne gagnerons jamais 
Mais la guerre paie, pour les petits soldats



Look, if you had one shot, one opportunity 
To seize everything you ever wantedâ€à‚Â¦One moment 
Would you capture it or just let it slip? 

His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy 
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti 
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready 
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting 
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud 
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out 
He's chokin, how everybody's jokin now 
The clock's run out, time's up over, bloah! 
Snap back to reality, Oh there goes gravity 
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked 
He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy 
Is he? No 
He won't have it , he knows his whole back city's ropes 
It don't matter, he's dope 



He knows that, but he's broke 
He's so stacked that he knows 
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's 
Back to the lab again yo 
This whole rap shit 
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him 

Chorus X2 

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
You own it, you better never let it go 
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo 

The soul's escaping, through this hole that it's gaping 
This world is mine for the taking 
Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order 
A normal life is borin, but superstardom's close to post mortar 
It only grows harder, only grows hotter 
He blows its all over, these hoes is all on him 
Coast to coast shows, he's know as the globetrotter 
Lonely roads, God only knows 
He's grown farther from home, he's no father 
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter 
But hold your nose cuz here goes the cold water 
These ho's don't want him no mo, he's cold product 
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows 
He nose dove and sold nada 
So the soap opera is told and unfolds 
I suppose it's old potna, but the beat goes on 
Da da dum da dum da da 

Chorus X2 

No more games, I'ma change what you call rage 
Tear this mothafuckin roof off like 2 dogs caged 
I was playin in the beginnin, the mood all changed 
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage 
But I kept rhymin and stepwritin the next cypher 
Best believe somebody's payin the pied piper 
All the pain inside amplified by the fact 
That I can't get by with my 9 to 5 
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family 
Cuz man, these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers 
And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life 
And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder 
Tryin to feed and water my seed, plus 
Teeter totter, caught up between bein a father and a prima donna 
Baby mama drama's screamin on and 
Too much for me to wanna 
Stay in one spot, another day of monotomy 
Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail 
I've got to formulate a plot fore I end up in jail or shot 
Success is my only mothafuckin option, failure's not 
Mom, I love you, but this trailer has got to go 
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot 
So here I go is my shot. 
Feet fail me not cuz maybe the only opportunity that I got 

Chorus X2 

You can do anything you set your mind to, man 




Écoute, si tu avais une chance, une opportunité 
D'obtenir ce que tu as toujours voulu, en un instant 
La saisirais-tu ou la laisserais-tu simplement passer ? 

Ses paumes sont moites, ses genoux tremblent, ses bras sont lourds 
Il y a déjà du vomi sur son pull, 
Les spaghettis de sa mère, il est nerveux 
Mais en surface il paraît calme et prêt 
À larguer des bombes, mais il n'arrête pas d'oublier 
Ce qu'il a écrit, la foule fait tant de bruit 
Il ouvre la bouche, mais les mots ne sortent pas 
Il s'étrangle, tout le monde rit de lui maintenant 
Le chrono a tourné, le temps est écoulé, c'est fini BLAH ! 
Retour à la réalité, oh la gravité s'y met 
Oh, voilà Rabbit, il étouffait, il est fou de rage 
Mais il sait qu'il n'abandonnera pas si facilement, non, il refuse 
Il sait ce qu'en pensera toute la ville 
Ce n'est pas important, il est sur un nuage 
Il le sait, mais il est fauché 
ça le rend malade de le savoir 



Quand il retourne à sa mobile home, voilà que tout recommence 
De retour au laboratoire, yo 
Toute cette merde de rap 
Il ferait mieux d'aller choper ce moment en espérant que ça ne lui passe pas à côté 

Tu ferais mieux de te perdre dans la musique, dans l'instant 
Il est à toi, ne le laisse pas passer 
Tu n'as qu'un seule coup, ne rate pas une chance de t'envoler 
Cette opportunité n'arrive qu'une fois dans une vie, 
Yo 
Tu ferais mieux de te perdre dans la musique, dans l'instant 
Il est à toi, ne le laisse pas passer 
Tu n'as qu'un seule coup, ne rate pas une chance de t'envoler 
Cette opportunité n'arrive qu'une fois dans une vie, 
Yo 

L'âme s'échappe, à travers ce trou qui devient un gouffre 
Ce monde est mien 
Faites-moi roi, comme nous nous dirigeons vers un nouvel ordre mondial 
Une vie normale, c'est ennuyant 
Mais être une superstar, c'est près du post-mortem 
Ce toujours plus difficile, toujours plus chaud 
Il nous oublie tous et c'est lui la grosse attraction 
D'est en ouest il donne des concerts, il est connu comme un globe-trotter 
Des voyages pleins de solitude, Dieu seul le sait 
Il s'est éloigné de chez lui, ce n'est pas un père 
Il revient à la maison et reconnaît à peine sa propre fille 
Mais attention, écoute bien, c'est ça le pire 
Ses fans n'en veulent plus maintenant, c'est du réchauffé 
Ils sont passés au prochain 
Il ne sait plus, ne vend plus rien 
Alors son roman à l'eau de rose est raconté, 
On dirait un vieux rythme 
Mais la musique continue 
Da da dum da dum da da, da da dum da dum da da 

Tu ferais mieux de te perdre dans la musique, dans l'instant 
Il est à toi, ne le laisse pas passer 
Tu n'as qu'un seule coup, ne rate pas une chance de t'envoler 
Cette opportunité n'arrive qu'une fois dans une vie, 
Yo 
Tu ferais mieux de te perdre dans la musique, dans l'instant 
Il est à toi, ne le laisse pas passer 
Tu n'as qu'un seule coup, ne rate pas une chance de t'envoler 
Cette opportunité n'arrive qu'une fois dans une vie, 
Yo 

Plus de petits jeux, je vais changer l'image de ce que vous appelez la rage 
Déchirer ce putain de boucan comme deux chiens en cage 
Au début, c'était un jeu, maintenant mon attitude a changé
On m'a démoli et on m'a craché dessus et en concert on m'a hué 
Mais j'ai continué à rapper et à écrire mes paroles pour la prochaine réplique 
T'es mieux de croire que quelqu'un paye pour faire toute cette merde 
Toute cette douleur à l'intérieur amplifiée par le fait que je ne peux pas me débrouiller avec mes 9(h) réduit à 5(h) 
Et je ne peux pas subvenir aux besoins de ma famille 
Parce que mec, ces putains de coupons alimentaires ne payent pas pour les couches 
Et ce n'est pas un film, il n'y a pas de Mekhi Phifer, c'est ma vie 
Et ces temps-ci sont difficiles et ceux à venir vont l'être encore plus 
Tentant de nourrir et d'abreuver ma progéniture, plus 
Le déshonneur s'est immiscé dans mon rôle de père et celui de prima donna 
Bébé, maman fait sa scène 
Trop pour que je puisse vouloir rester à faire ça 
Un autre jour de monotonie m'a amené au point où 
Je suis comme un escargot, je dois me trouver une histoire 
Sinon je finirai en prison ou tué 
Le succès, c'est ma seule putain d'option, l'échec n'en est pas une 
Maman, je t'aime, mais cette lignée doit continuer 
Je ne pourrai pas vieillir ici à Salem 
Alors voilà que j'y vais, je prends ma chance 
Que le courage ne me manque pas parce que c'est peut-être ma seule opportunité 

Tu ferais mieux de te perdre dans la musique, dans l'instant 
Il est à toi, ne le laisse pas passer 
Tu n'as qu'un seule coup, ne rate pas une chance de t'envoler 
Cette opportunité n'arrive qu'une fois dans une vie, 
Yo 
Tu ferais mieux de te perdre dans la musique, dans l'instant 
Il est à toi, ne le laisse pas passer 
Tu n'as qu'un seule coup, ne rate pas une chance de t'envoler 
Cette opportunité n'arrive qu'une fois dans une vie, 
Yo 

Du du do 
Tu peux faire tout ce à quoi tu tiens très fort, mec.

For all the ladies out there
Ok
I never meant to
Give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to
Bring you to my world



And now you're lyin'
In the corner, cryin'
{Yea, woo, yea, woo
No idea
Yea, woo, yea
Thank you}

[Eminem] 
Somethin's burnin', I can't figure out what 
It's either lust or a cloud of dust 
Judgement is clouded, must just be the powder from the power of love
But I'm in somethin' I don't know how to get out of 
Left my girl in the house alone 
Is that my soon to be spouse’s moan 
And the further I walked, the louder 
I paused for a minute to make certain that's what I heard 
Cuz after all this is her place 
So I gave her the benefit of the doubt 
Think I might be about Busta Busta 
The thought's so scary, yo that it hurts, brace 
Hope it ain't, there we go, yo 
Cause my head already goes to worst case scenario, though, in the first place 
But you confirmed my low end theory, though 
Should've known when I made it all the way to third base 
And that was only the first date, coulda made it to home plate 
But you slid straight for the dome and dove face first 
No, you don't, under, stand, I, don't, do this for 



Anyone, ever, Yeah that ain't what they all say 
I'll say it, you can suck a softball through a straw, used to be my fiance 
'Til you sucked on Wayne, Andre, and Kanye 
Lebron, Akon, Jay, Lil Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e 
Polow Tha Don, Drake, Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwame 
Guess I'm gettin my goddamn Jigga on 
Cause your name, I'm beyond sayin' 
But fuck it, I'm movin' on, you women are all cray 
But I'll probably always keep on playin' the game of 

[Sample] 
Love, love, love, love 
L-l, l-l-l-love 

[Kendrick Lamar] 
She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more 
She hates my company, yeah she don't love me no more 
I tried to get her up out of my head as my bags hit the door 
She screamed she loves me like she never did before 
And I told her go where you want 
And go do what you want to do; I don't care 
And I told her go where you want 
And go do what you want to do; I don't care 

[Kendrick Lamar] 
I told that bitch 
I'm a sucker for love, you're a sucker for dick 
Suckin' dick in your momma's tub 'til your granny walked in 
Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water, he drowned 
Like an abortion, they booked you for manslaughter 
You beat the case and I called you 
"Sherane is not available now leave a message at the tone 
And Kendrick don't forget to buy two pair of those 
Expensive heels, you little fuckin' ferris wheel 
Fuckin' spendin' on me, fuck you think we gon' get married still? 
Fuckin' Mary had a little lamb, this ain't no fairy tale 
Fairy godmomma better tell you how I fuckin' feel 
Like you should fuckin' beat it or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period 
Now have a blessed day" 
Bitch you serious? I'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious 
Why you ain't fuckin' with me, you cut me up, a Caesarean 
You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, I'm delirious 
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman 
After the dillinger hit'em diligently and killin' him 
His mouthpiece for a Cadillac emblem 
That's analogy and metaphor for yah 
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore yah 
This is me talkin' poetry, yeah I got some home trainin' 
That ain't what you like, ain't it? What about if I was famous 
As Marshall, would you give fellatio in the carpool 
Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle, singin' 
I hope she's good enough, meanwhile you're chasin' her 
Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her 
Pity the fool that pity the fool in me, I'mma live with the game of 

Love, love, love, love 
L-l, l-l-l-love 

[Kendrick Lamar] 
She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more 
She hates my company, yeah she don't love me no more 
I tried to get her up out of my head as my bags hit the door 
She screamed she loves me like she never did before 
And I told her go where you want 
And go do what you want to do; I don't care 
And I told her go where you want 
And go do what you want to do; I don't care 

[Eminem] 
So needless to say I'm feeling betrayed 
Snatched my housekey off my keychain 
She jumped off, Wee-Bey from The Wire, scape 
Now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater 
Here goes that broken record, cliche, it's all my fault anyway 
She's turnin' the tables, I'm a beat-break 
Treats my face like seratos, she cuts and scratches like a DJ 
Each day is an instant replay 
They sayin' we display cinethematic abatic behavior 
Back together but forgot today was her b-day, cut me off on the freeway 
Simple misunderstandin' but just as I went to slam on the brakes 
Then I realized that she may be as crazy as me, wait 
Bitch cut my fuckin' brakeline, stepped on them fuckers 8 times 
Still goin' 73, thank God there's an exit coming up 
But them other F-U-C-K's all would've hit the off ramp 
So I coast into a gosh damned aww hit a fuckin' tree 
Now here she comes at full speed, she's racin' at me 
Okay you wanna fuck with me, eh?
Snatch the bitch out her car through the window, she screamin'
I body slam her onto the cement, until the concrete gave and created a sinkhole 
Bury this stink ho in it, then payed to have the street re-paved 
Fuck, woke up in a dream state in a cold sweat 
Like I got hit with a freeze ray durin' a heat wave 
Guess I eventually caved though, cause she's layin' next to me in bed 
Directly aimin' a gat at my head 
Woke up again and jumped up like fuck it, I've had it, I'm checkin' into rehab 
I confess I'm a static addict, I guess that's why I'm so clingy 
Every girl I've ever had either says I got to much baggage 
Or I'm too fuckin' dramatic 
Man what the fuck is the matter? I'm just a fucking romantic 
I fucking love you, you fucking bitch! 
Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex 
I actually set off a chain reaction, a tragic event 
I said "hit the road" and after she left 
I sent that bitch a text 
I said "be careful driving, don't read this and have a accident" 
She glanced to look at it and wrecked, too bad 
Thought we had a connect 
No sense dwelling makes, never been a more compelling case 
Than a model covered in L'Oreal and mace, who fell from grace 
Eleven stories for story telling but the whore was yelling "rape" 
So the vocal cords were swelling 
And her voice were more hoarser than Tori Spelling's face 
Still they swarm the gates and my fans making stakes 
To greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace 
Unless you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date, don't be late 
Well the sentiments great, but wait then there's been a mistake 
You want an intimate date, I wanna intimidate 
I have infinite hate in my blood, it's mainly because of the game of 
---- 
Wait dinner at eight 
I have infinite hate in my blood, it's mainly because of the game of 

Love, love, love, love 
L-l, l-l-l-love



feat. Obie Trice, 50 Cent) 

[Verse 1] 
[Obie Trice] 
You don't see me in the hood 
It's cause I'm doing this man 

Niggas, I'm still grinding, (yeah...) 
I'm still hearing those sirens, 
I'm still getting chased by those lights, 
Only the light's mine and my mic's on 
And my time is none because I'm writing more, 
And I ain't here to meet a soul in this buisness, 
I'm here to eat, speak, until these hoes feel this, (for sure...) 
and I can't let y'all derail me man, 
I got young Kobe, homie, you gotta let go of Obie 
cause Obie be back, (ain't goin' nowhere man...) 
We got them craps going on 



and that yak going on, 
soon as a nigga touch down back from tourin', 
It's whateva, put that on the chedda man, 
but in the meantime, it's Jimmy Ivene time, 
chase cheese, rhyme till my voice give out, 
this is it my nigga, this what we boast about, 
Now I'm here so shut your motherfuckin mouth 
And show me love bitch.. 

[CHORUS] 
[Obie Trice] 
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, (I dont love you bitch) 
I wanna hold you in the morning, (Ha) 
hold you through the night (Hahaha) 

I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, (We wanna love alcohol, we wanna 
love guns,) 
I wanna hold you in the morning, (we wanna love money) 
hold you through the night.. (Ha) (we don't wanna love bitches though) 

[Verse 2] 
[Eminem] 
There's a certain mystique when I speak, 
that you notice th' it's sorta unique, 
cause you know it's me, my poetry's deep, 
and I'm still matic the way I flow to this beat, 
you can't sit still, it's like tryin to smoke crack 
and go to sleep, I'm strapped, 
just knowing any minute I could snap, 
I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped, 
I bully these rappers so bad lyrically, 
it ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry, 
it ain't even money, you can't pay me enough 
for you to play me, it's cockamanie,
you just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady, 
my noodle is cock-a-doodle, my clocks cuckoo, 
I got screws loose, yeahhh, the whole kit an' kaboodle, 
I'm just brutal. It's no rumour, I'm numero-uno, assume it, 
there's no humour in it no more, you know 
I'm rollin with a swollen bowling ball in my bag, 
you need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass 
you better love me bitch 

[CHORUS] 
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, 
I wanna hold you in the morning, 
hold you through the night 

[Obie Trice] 
(and all the bitches say) 

I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, 
I wanna hold you in the morning, 
hold you through the night 

[Verse 3] 
[50 Cent] 
My buzz is crazy in the hood, they holla my name, 
if it ain't about the flow, 
it's about the stones and the chain,
if I was you, I'd love me too, 
I roll like a bus, 9-11 pulse same color as cranberry sauce, 
I ain't gonna front, I thought R-Kelly was tha shit, 
then we find out he fucking round with bow wow bitch, 
niggas eatin' popcorn, right, rewinding the tape, 
now shorty momma in the precinct hollerin' rape, 
I'm convinced man something really wrong with these hoes, 
I thought Lil' Kim was hot then she start fucking with her nose, (God Damn) 
used to listen to Lauren Hill and tap my feet, 
then the bitch put out a CD that didn't have no beats, (uh-huh) 
that boy D'Angelo he determined not to fail, 
that nigga went butt-ass for his record to sell, 
my back shot to help Ashanti hit them high notes, 
and Big Ben taught Charlie B'more to deepthroat 

[CHORUS] 
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, 
I wanna hold you in the morning, (I luv'a burnish the monies, the bunnies) 
hold you through the night (I just wanna hold you) 

I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, I wanna hold you in the morning, 
(I just wanna love you) 
hold you through the night. 
(Yeahh!) 




[Rihanna] 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn, 
But thats alright because I like the way it hurts. 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry, 
But thats alright because I love the way you lie, 
I love the way you lie. 

[Eminem] 
I can’t tell you what it really is, 
I can only tell you what it feels like, 
and right now its a steel knife in my windpipe 
I can’t breath when I still fight well I can fight 
As long as the wrong feels right its like I’m in flight 
High off of love, Drunk from my hate, 
Its like I’m huffing paint and I love it the more I suffer. 
I suffocate and right before I’m about to drown, 
She resuscitates me, She fucking hates me and I love it 
Wait! Where you going? I’m leaving you 
No you ain’t, Come back 
Were running right back, Here we going again 



Its so insane cus’ when its going it good, 
It’s going great, I’m Superman with the wind in his back 
She’s Lois Lane, but when its bad its awful 
I feel so ashamed, I snap. Who’s that dude? 
I don’t even know his name, I laid hands on her 
I never stoop so low again, I guess I don’t know my own strength. 

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn, 
But thats alright because I like the way it hurts. 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry, 
But thats alright because I love the way you lie, 
I love the way you lie. 
I love the way you lie. 

[Eminem] 
You ever love somebody so much that you could barely breath when your with em’? 
And you meet and neither one, even know what hit em’ 
You got the warm fuzzy feelin’, ya them chills used to get em’ 
Now your gettin’ fuckin’ sick of lookin’ at em’ 
You swore you would never hit em’, 
Never do nothin’ to her now your in each others face, spewing venom in your words when you spit em’ 
You both pull each others hair, scratch, clob, hit em’, throw em’ down, pin em’ 
So lost in your moment when your in em’ 
Its the rage thats the culprit, It chokes you both 
So they say you best go your separate ways, 
Guess that they don’t know you, because today 
That was yesterday, Yesterday is over 
Its a different day, Sounds like broken records playin’ over 
But you promised her, Next time you’ll show her restraint 
You don’t get another chance, Life is not a Nintendo game 
But you lied again, and now you get to watch her leave out the window, 
Guess thats why they call it window pane (pain) 

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn, 
But thats alright because I like the way it hurts. 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry, 
But thats alright because I love the way you lie, 
I love the way you lie. 
I love the way you lie. 

[Eminem] 
Now I know we said things, Did things 
That we didn’t mean and we fall back into the same pattern 
Seventeen, but your temper is just as bad as mine is 
Your the same as me, but when he comes to love ya 
its just blinded, Baby, Please come back, 
It wasn’t you, Baby, It was me 
Maybe our relationships isn’t as crazy as it seems 
Maybe thats what happens when a Tornado meets a Volcano, 
All I know I love you too much to walk and Wait up! 
Come Inside, pick up the bags up the sidewalk, 
Don’t you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk, 
Told you this was my fault, look me in the eyeball, 
Next time I’m pissed I’ll lay my fist at the dry wall, 
Next time, there wont be no next time, 
I apologize even though I know its lies, 
I’m tired of the games, I just want her back, 
I know I’m a liar, If she ever tries to fuckin’ leave again, 
I’m a tie her to the bed and set this house on fire, 
Just gonna… 

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn, 
But thats alright because I like the way it hurts. 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry, 
But thats alright because I love the way you lie, 
I love the way you lie. 
I love the way you lie.

Tu vas juste rester là et me regarder brûler 
Après tout, ce n'est rien parce que j’aime comme ça fait mal 
Tu vas juste rester là et m’écouter pleurer 
Après tout, ce n'est rien parce que j’adore comment tu mens 
J’adore la façon dont tu mens 

Je ne peux pas te dire de quoi il s'agit vraiment 
Je peux seulement te dire l'effet que ça me fait 
Et à présent, c’est comme une lame en acier dans mon artère 
Je ne peux pas respirer mais je me bats encore tant que je le peux 
Tant que le mal fait du bien, c’est comme si j’étais en plein vol 
Super défoncé à l’amour, ivre de haine 
C’est comme si je sniffais de la peinture 
Et plus je souffre, plus j'aime ça 
Je suffoque 
Et tout juste avant que je ne me noie, elle me fait revenir à la vie 
Elle me déteste terriblement et moi, j’aime ça 
Attends! Où tu vas? "Je te quitte" 
Non tu ne pars pas, reviens 
On rembobine tout de suite 



C'est reparti, c’est tellement fou 
Car quand tout va si bien, c'est génial 
Je suis Superman avec le vent dans le dos 
Et elle, c'est Lois Lane 
Mais quand tout va mal, c’est insupportable 
J’ai tellement honte, je craque 
C'est qui, ce mec ? 
Je ne connais même pas son nom 
J’ai levé la main sur elle 
Je ne m'abaisserais plus jamais à ce genre de choses 
Je crois que je ne suis pas conscient de ma propre force 

Tu vas juste rester là et me regarder brûler 
Après tout, ce n'est rien parce que j’aime comme ça fait mal 
Tu vas juste rester là et m’écouter pleurer 
Après tout, ce n'est rien parce que j’adore comment tu mens 
J’adore la façon dont tu mens 
J’adore la façon dont tu mens 

As tu déjà aimé quelqu'un si fort 
Que tu arrives à peine à respirer quand tu es avec elle? 
Vous vous voyez et ni l'un ni l'autre ne sait même pas ce qui l'a attiré 
Ça te fait chaud au cœur 
Oui, j'en ai connu des frissons 
Maintenant tu n'en peux vraiment plus de la regarder 
Tu t’es juré de ne jamais la frapper
De ne jamais lui faire de mal 
Maintenant vous êtes face à face 
Crachant votre venin à chacun de vos mots 
Vous vous poussez, vous vous tirez les cheveux, vous vous griffez, vous vous donnez des coups 
Tu la mords, la projettes à terre et la plaques au sol 
Tu es tellement perdu dans ces moments où tu es avec elle 
C’est la folie passagère que la société vous contrôle tous les deux 
A ce qu'on dit, il vaut mieux poursuivre chacun de son côté 
Je crois que ceux qui disent cela ne te connaissent pas 
Parce qu’aujourd’hui, c’était hier 
Hier c’est fini, c’est un jour nouveau 
Le silence est rompu par la musique de disques qui jouent continuellement 
Mais tu lui as promis que la prochaine fois tu sauras te maîtriser 
Tu n’as pas de seconde chance 
La vie, c'est pas comme un jeu Nintendo 
Mais tu as encore menti 
Maintenant tu n'as plus qu'à la regarder partir par la fenêtre 
Je suppose que c’est la raison pour laquelle on dit "window pane" en anglais (*) 

Tu vas juste rester là et me regarder brûler 
Après tout, ce n'est rien parce que j’aime comme ça fait mal 
Tu vas juste rester là et m’écouter pleurer 
Après tout, ce n'est rien parce que j’adore comment tu mens 
J’adore la façon dont tu mens 
J’adore la façon dont tu mens 

Maintenant je sais qu’on a dit des choses 
Et fait des choses qu'on ne voulait pas 
Et on retombe dans la même situation, la routine 
Mais aussi, tu t'emportes autant que moi 
Tu es pareille que moi 
L'amour te rend aussi aveugle que moi 
Ma belle, reviens, je t'en prie 
Ce n’était peut-être pas toi, mon amour, c’était de ma faute 
Peut être que notre relation n’est pas aussi passionnée qu’elle y parait 
Peut être que c’est ce qui arrive quand une tornade rencontre un volcan 
Tout ce que je sais, c’est que je t’aime trop pour partir cependant 
Allez, rentre, ramasse tes affaires sur le trottoir 
Tu n’entends pas la sincérité de mes mots quand je parle? 
Je t’ai dit que c’était de ma faute, regarde moi dans les yeux 
La prochaine fois que je m’énerve, je mettrai mon poing dans le mur 
La prochaine fois, il n’y aura pas de prochaine fois 
Je m’excuse même si je sais que ce sont des mensonges 
J’en ai marre de jouer, je veux juste qu’elle revienne 
Je sais que je suis un menteur, si jamais elle essaie de partir à nouveau 
Je l’attache au lit et je mets le feu à cette maison 

Tu vas juste rester là et me regarder brûler 
Après tout, ce n'est rien parce que j’aime comme ça fait mal 
Tu vas juste rester là et m’écouter pleurer 
Après tout, ce n'est rien parce que j’adore comment tu mens 
J’adore la façon dont tu mens 
J’adore la façon dont tu mens



[chorus] 
The more you put me through 
The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
You say you hate me, I just love you more 
You don't want me, I just want you more 
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me 
I know it's sad but it's making me happy 
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
Because you love me and I love you more 

[verse 1] 
It's sick but who could ever predict we'd be doin' the same shit 
We say that we do it for our baby but we don't, we do it for us 
It's lust, 'cuz neither one of us trusts each other so we fuck 
'till we bust, 'till cuss each other out, we know what it's about 
Shout 'till I throw you out the house, you throw me out the house 
I throw you on the couch, punch you in the mouth, we fist fight 
'till we turn this mother out and apologize after, laughter 



Pain, it's insane, we're back in the same chapter again 
And it's sad but it's true, when i'm laying here with you 
There ain't nothing anyone could ever say or ever do 'cuz 

[chorus] 
The more you put me through 
The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
You say you hate me, I just love you more 
You don't want me, I just want you more 
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me 
I know it's sad but it's making me happy 
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
Because you love me and I love you more 

[verse 2] 
'Cuz I hate you, do you hate me? 
Good, 'cuz you're so fuckin beautiful when you're angry 
It makes me wanna just take you and just throw you 
on the bed and fuck you like I don't even know you 
You FUCK other people and I FUCK other people 
You're a SLUT, but i'm equal, i'm a MUTT, we're both evilin our ways 
but neither one of us would ever admit it 
'Cuz one of us would have one up on the other so forget it 
We can make accusations, people spread rumours 
But they ain't got proof, 'till they do, it's just the two of us 
You and me, 'cuz any chick can say that she's screwin' me 
But you gotta believe it to a degree 'cuz true indeed 
If you didn't I wouldn't be hittin', yeah I would 
'Cuz the sex is too damn good, if I ran, who would I run to 
that would be this soft and warm? So it's off and on 
Usually more off then on but at least we know that we 
Share this common bond, you're the only one I can fuck 
without a condom on, I hope the only reason that I cope 
Is 'cuz of that fact and I can bust in that, and that's why 

[chorus] 
The more you put me through 
The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
You say you hate me, I just love you more 
You don't want me, I just want you more 
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me 
I know it's sad but it's making me happy 
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
Because you love me and I love you more 

[verse 3] 
I can never understand it, that's why I don't try 
From junior high until we both die, you silly hoe why must we try 
Is it really so rough that we must always call each other's Billy Goat's Gruff 
Try to pull each other's legs until the other begs 
We're lying to ourself, that's the beauty of it, yeah 
'Cuz we truly love each other, that's why we always fight 
And all we do is shove each other every other fuckin' night 
And it's clear, it ain't gonna change, this pinned up rage 
We both have, we both feel like we've been upstaged 
By someone else, we both been someone else's someone else 
The problem is neither one wants help, it's an addiction 
And it can't be fixed, our family's mixed up 
There's a baby sister in the mix and it hurts 'cuz the pieces to the puzzle don't fit 
And anybody who thinks he knows us doesn't know shit 
And they're probably just tired of hearing it all the time on every song 
Every lyric and every rhyme, all the hoopla, all of the woopty woo 
What you put me through, fuckin' woopty do 
But I won't be made a fool of, if this is true love 
You wouldn't do what you did last time, you wouldn't screw up 
This time, 'cuz this time girl i'm tellin you what 
You do it again and i'm fuckin' you up 'cuz no matter 

[chorus 2] 
What you say, what you do 
I'ma hunt you down 'till I find you 
No matter where you run, i'll be right there 
Right behind you in your nightmares 
So much for them flowers, and the candy 
All the times that you threw it back at me 
Told me you hate me, you 'gon hate me more 
When you find out you can't escape me, whore 

[chorus] 
The more you put me through 
The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
You say you hate me, I just love you more 
You don't want me, I just want you more 
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me 
I know it's sad but it's making me happy 
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
Because you love me and I love you more 






Warning, this shit's gon be rated R, restricted 
You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self inflicted 
Doctor slapped my momma, "Bitch you got a sick kid" 
Arrested, molested myself and got convicted 
Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises 
Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis 
I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyl 
Disrespectful 
Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo 
"Murder Murder Redrum" 
Brain size of a bread crumb 
Which drug will I end up dead from 
Inebriated, till my stress is eleviated 
"How in the fuck can Eminem and shady be related?" 
Illiterate, illigitimate shit spitter 
Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder 
Jumped out (Ahhhh!) killed the bitch and did her 
Use to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was little'er 



Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fuckin Bette Midler 
Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler 
Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler 
Didn't Ya? Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her 

(Redman Sample) 
I'm low down and I'm shiftee 
And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack'em 
And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from 
(repeat) 

I lace tunes, I'm out this world like Space Moons 
With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds
Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits 
Doing whippits, passed out like Sanford snippits 
Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it 
I'ma let your grandpa hit it 
Mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it 
Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum 
But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum 
So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage 
Losing all of my leverage 
Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich 
Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage 
Smoked out like ? 
Band just making my neck itch 
What the fuck? Gimme the tech bitch 
You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast 
Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips 
Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips 
Slap hips, support domestic violence 
Beat your bitches ass while your kids stare in silence 
I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen's really dust smoking? 
If all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in 

Chorus 

My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling 
Lit it like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England 
I'm out the game, put the second string in 
This Brandy got my swinging 
Bobbing back and forth like a penguin 
Delinquent, toking microphones with Broken English 
Make your mama be like "Ohh! This is good! Who sing this?" 
"Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I love it 
It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit." 
It was predicted by a medic 
I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic
Living off liquid Triametic 
Pathetic, but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing 
Panicing, I think I might have just took too much Anasin 
Frozen Manaquin, posted stiffer than a statue 
I think I'm dying, God is that you? 
Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP 
Take me to ER ASAP for and IV 
Motherfuck JOP, they don't support no hip hop 
They say that's where it ends, the closest they gon come is Tupac 
It's politics, it's all a fix 
Setup by these white blue collared hicks 
Just to make a dollar off of black music 
With a subliminal ball of tricks 
But those can kiss ass and swallow dicks 

Chorus 






{Eminem} 123...7:00 party at my friends house DR.dre want me to 
sing new tunes and turn the place insideout I said...maby if mr.Grady ill let 
me out of detenchion and ill talk my mom out susption while im cooking 
pancakes in the kitching at the same time making wishes hoping that theyll come 
true cause its the only thing to do and if they do come true my life want be 
so blue [chours]{dr.Dre}when i say make some you say noise make some 
(crowd)noise [dr.dre] make some{crowd{noise} [repeat3times]{eminem}every body 



make some noise ...now the party aready is jumping..people left the nextdoors 
neighbors party to come knocking on are door cause the music got more and more 
loud while i chowd sandwitches singing making more noise the party got so wild 
the police came while i listing to the negihbor say 2can play at that game the 
people at the party were so insane and when the police left i herd dr.dre say 
{reapeat chours 7times and on 5th time fade}{dr.dre sings chours} 






[Eminem] 
You know I just don't get it 
Last year I was nobody 
This year I'm sellin records 
Now everybody wants to come around like I owe em somethin 
Heh, the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars? 
Get the fuck out of here 

Chorus One: Eminem 

You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) 
I'm just a regular guy, 
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me) 
Nobody ever gave a fuck before, 
all they did was doubt me (did was doubt me) 
Now everybody wanna run they mouth 
and try to take shots at me (take shots at me) 




[Eminem] 
Yo, you might see me joggin, you might see me walkin 
You might see me walkin a dead rottweiler dog 
with it's head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar 
hollerin at him cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin 
(grrrr, ARF ARF) Or leanin out a window, with a cocked shotgun 
Drivin up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in 
Lookin for Big's killers, dressed in ridiculous 
blue and red like I don't see what the big deal is 
Double barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace 
Pissed off, cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this 
Watchin all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em 
and get dollars that shoulda been there's like they switched wallets 
And amidst all this Crist' poppin and wristwatches 
I had to sit back and just watch and just get nauseous 
and walk around with an empty bottle of Remi Martin 
startin shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman ("God damnit!") 
I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin 
with instincts to kill N'Sync, don't get me started 
These fuckin brats can't sing and Britney's garbage 
What's this bitch retarded? Gimme back my sixteen dollars 
All I see is sissies in magazines smiling 
Whatever happened to whylin out and bein violent? 
Whatever happened to catchin a good-ol' fashioned 
passionate ass-whoopin and gettin your shoes coat and your hat tooken? 
New Kids on the Block, sucked a lot of dick 
Boy/girl groups make me sick 
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public 
I'ma love it.. (hahaha) 
Vanilla Ice don't like me (uh-uh) 
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yup) 
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (hehe) 
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me 
and run around screamin, "I don't care, just bite me" (nah nah) 
I think I was put here to annoy the world 
and destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl 
Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer 
and call themselves "Clowns" cause they look queer 
Faggot2Dope and Silent Gay 
Claimin Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (fuckin punks) 
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out 
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out 
after they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out 
(AHHH!) Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck, blaow! 
Look at y'all runnin your mouth again 
when you ain't seen a fuckin Mile Road, South of 10 
And I don't need help, from D-12, to beat up two females 
in make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails 
"Slim Anus," you damn right, Slim Anus 
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flaming faggots! 

Chorus Two: Eminem 

Cause I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) 
I'm not a wrestler guy, 
I'll knock you out if you talk about me (you talk about me) 
Come and see me on the streets alone 
if you assholes doubt me (assholes doubt me) 
And if you wanna run your mouth 
then come take your best shot at me (your best shot at me) 

[Eminem] 
Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me? 
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy 
Now because of this blonde mop that's on top 
and this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop? 
The underground just spunned around and did a 360 
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies 
"Oh, he just did some shit with Missy, 
so now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy" 
My fuckin bitch mom's suin for ten million 
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealin 
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit? 
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress 
Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers? 
It doesn't matter you {*several seconds of silence*} faggot! 
Talkin about I fabricated my past 
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Uhh!) 
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do? 
For every million I make, another relative sues 
Family fightin and fussin over who wants to invite me to supper 
All the sudden, I got 90 some cousins (Hey it's me!) 
A half-brother and sister who never seen me 
or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV 
Now everybody's so happy and proud 
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house 
Hey-hey! And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand 
to buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp 
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast 
and what do I see? A picture of my big white ass 
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help: 
uhh, here - DOUBLE XL, DOUBLE XL 
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell 
Ahh fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself 

Chorus One (2X) 






Artist: Eminem f/ Denaun Porter and 3 
Maxine!! (Phone Rings) 

Maxine: Hello 
Denaun: Can I speak to Maxine? 
Maxine: Yeah this is me what's up?
Denaun: What up? 
Maxine: Who dis? 
Denaun: Denaun 
Maxine: Yeah what's up? 
Denaun: What are you doing? 
Maxine: Nothing, just laying in bed
Denaun: Huh? 
Maxine: Nothing, just laying in bed
Denaun: Why? 
Maxine: I don't know, thinking about someone freakin' me soon 

Verse 1: Eminem 



I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine 
She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean 
Plus she got a sugar daddy 
Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly 
If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation 
You're in jeopardation, if you ain't got no preparation 
When you step away son, she got her face done 
Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if 
You press the issue and get her dressed to kiss you 
If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice 
But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency 
To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee 
Don't bring your germs to me, cause I ain't trying to hear it 
While your fighting your fuckin' disease trying to clear it (Maxine!!)

Verse 2: Denaun Porter 
Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is 
To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit 
You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night 
You say it's gonna stop but it.. just.. slows.. down 
And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this 
Mystery, whatever your reason even tends to be 
You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that 
When you got niggas hiding in your closet 
I refrain from getting angry but you keep on actin' strangely 

Verse 3: 3 
I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me 
So I stepped on it and then asked my homies 
And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas 
Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number 
I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch.. 
Haven't I seen you before?", looked at my nigga 
Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands 
And said "Oh it's like that?" 
She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit 
She started crying, and asked me to forgive and shit 
She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number 
She asked could I give her mine two (3) 
Got to the crib and called her up 
We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck 
I said "Maxine check this out, 
Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out" 
Got to the crib she let me in 
She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom 
I said "Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things 
What the fuck are you doing?" 
So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing 
As she went for my midsection 
I threw her down as I tore off her shirt 
Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work 
Before I hit it she said 
"3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass" 
I said "What is it, another nigga? It's ok" 
She said "No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS" 
I got up out 

Denaun: Hey, Maxine 
Maxine: What 
Denaun: What you think about sucking my dick? 
Maxine: Yeah for a small price 
Denaun: For a small price? What you mean? 
Maxine: You know, money nigga 
Denaun: You don't need no damn money, 
I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit. 
Maxine:What you, what you hear I got? 
Denaun: AIDS 
Maxine: (laughing) Who told you that bullshit? 
Denaun: My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie 
Maxine: Well if that's the case, Kyu got it then 
Denaun: Oh for real, it's like that? 
Maxine:Well I ain't got shit, 
so he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me, 
I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga 
Denaun: Fuck that, I ain't fucking with you 
Maxine: No, see.. 
Denaun: You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you 
Maxine: Hold on, why it ain't even like that 
Denaun: And y'all wanna get paid, fuckin? 
(Denaun hangs up) 




Yeah 
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now 
But hey, what daddy always tell you? 
Straighten up little soldier 
Stiffen up that upper lip 
What you crying about? 
You got me 

Hailie I know you miss your mom and I know you miss your dad 
Well I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had 
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh 
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry 
Cuz you're scared, I ain't there? 
Daddy's with you in your prayers 
No more crying, wipe them tears 
Daddy's here, no more nightmares 
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it 
Laney uncles crazy, aint he? 
Yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it 
We're all we got in this world 



When it spins, when it swirls 
When it whirls, when it twirls 
Two little beautiful girls 
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze 
I know it's confusing you 
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news 
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems 
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me 
All the things growing up his daddy that he had to see 
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did 
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me 
But things have gotten so bad between us 
I don't see us ever being together ever again 
Like we used to be when we was teenagers 
But then of course everything always happens for a reason 
I guess it was never meant to be 
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is 
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep 
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream 

[Chorus] 
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright 
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady, i told ya 
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night 
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why 
We feel how we feel inside 
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby 
But i promise momma's gon' be alright 

It's funny 
I remember back one year when daddy had no money 
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up 
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me 
Cuz daddy couldn't buy 'em 
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying 
Cuz daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job 
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom 
And at the time every house that we lived in 
Either kept getting broke into and robbed 
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar 
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college 
Almost had a thousand dollars till someone broke in and stole it 
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart 
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart 
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back 
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment 
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara 
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre 
And flew you and momma out to see me 
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me 
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it 
And you and Laney were to young to understand it 
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit 
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it 
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand 
Cuz all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud 
Now I'm sittin in this empty house, just reminiscing 
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out 
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now 
Wow, guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here 
Laney I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here 
I like the sound of that, yeah 
It's got a ring to it don't it? 
Shh, momma's only gone for the moment 

[Chorus] 

And if you ask me too 
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird 
I'mma give you the world 
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you 
I'mma sing for you 
I'll do anything for you to see you smile 
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine 
I'mma break that birdies neck 
I'd go back to the jewler who sold it to ya 
And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad (haha)

Ouais 
Je sais que parfois les choses peuvent sembler ne pas avoir de sens pour toi en ce moment 
Mais hé, qu'est-ce que papa te dit toujours 
Tiens-toi droit petit soldat 
Ne laisse pas trembler ta lèvre supérieure 
Pourquoi pleures-tu? 
Tu m'as moi 

Hailie je sais que ta maman te manque et je sais que ton père aussi 
Quand je pars, mais j'essaye de te donner la vie que je n'ai jamais eu 
Je peux voir que tu es triste, même quand tu souris, même quand tu ris 
Je peux voir ça dans tes yeux, au plus profond de toi tu a envie de pleurer 
Car tu as peur, n'est-ce pas? 
Papa est avec toi dans tes prières 
Plus de pleurs, essuie ces larmes 
Papa est là, plus de cauchemars 
Nous allons surmonter tout cela ensemble, nous allons réussir 
Laney, ton oncle est fou, n'est-ce pas? 
Ouais mais il t'aime et il faut que tu le saches 
Nous sommes tout ce que nous avons dans ce monde 



Quand ça tourne, quand ça tourbillonne 
Quand ça tournoie, quand ça vrille 
Deux magnifiques petites filles 
Ayant l'air confuses, hébétées 
Je sais que ça t'embrouilles 
Papa est toujours en mouvement, maman est toujours aux infos 
J'essaye de te protéger de ça, mais en fait il semble 
Que plus j'essaye de le faire, plus ça se retourne contre moi 
Toutes les choses qui prennent de l'ampleur que ton père a dû voir 
Papa ne voulait pas que tu les vois, mais tu les vois autant qu'il les a vus 
Nous n'avions pas prévu cela, ta mère et moi 
Mais les choses se sont si mal passées entre nous 
Que j'imagine mal qu'un jour nous nous réunissions à nouveau 
Comme nous l'étions durant notre adolescence 
Mais aussi bien sûr, tout se passeit toujours pour une raison 
Je crois que ça n'aurait jamais dû avoir lieu 
mais c'est juste une une chose qu'on ne peut contrôler et c'est comment est le destin 
Mais plus d'inquiétudes, repose ta tête et va dormir 
Peut-être qu'un jour nous nous réveillerons et tout cela aura été juste un rêve 

Maintenant calme-toi petite fille, ne pleure pas 
Tout ira pour le mieux 
Ne laisse pas ta lèvre supérieure trembler petite dame, je t'ai dit 
Papa est là pour te porter à travers la nuit 
Je sais que maman n'est pas là en ce moment et nous ne savons pas pourquoi 
Nous ressentons comment nous nous sentons à l'intérieur 
Ca doit sembler un peu fou, joli bébé 
Mais je te promets que maman se remettra 

C'est drôle 
Je me souviens il y a un an, papa n'avait pas d'argent 
Maman avait emballé les cadeaux de Noël 
Et les avait mis sous le sapin et dit que quelques uns étaient de ma part 
Car papa ne pouvait pas les acheter 
Je n'oublierai jamais ce Noël, j'étais assis toute la nuit à pleurer 
Car papa s'est senti tel un clochard, vois-tu papa avait un travail 
Mais son travail consistait à garder la nourriture sur la table pour toi et maman 
Et à l'époque toutes les maisons dans lesquelles nous habitions 
Etaient soit cambriolées 
Soit endommagées par les balles du ghetto et ta maman économisait de l'argent pour toi dans un vase 
Elle essayait de faire une tirelire pour toi pour que tu puisses aller à l'université 
Elle a économisé presque mille dollars Jusqu'à ce que quelqu'un nous cambriole et les vole 
Et je sais que ça blesse si profondément que ça a brisé le coeur de ta maman 
Et il semble que tout a commencé à s'écrouler à partir de là 
Maman et papa se disputaient beaucoup, alors maman est partie 
Dans le Chalmers dans un appartement à une pièce 
Et papa s'est installé de l'autre côté de 8 Mile sur Novara 
Et c'est quand papa est allé en Californie avec son CD et a rencontré Dr. Dre 
Et vous fis venir, maman et toi, pour me voir 
Mais papa devait travailler, toi et maman avez dû me laisser 
Puis vous avez commencé à voir papa à la télé et maman n'a pas aimé 
Et toi et Laney étiez trop jeunes pour comprendre 
Papa était une pierre qui roule, maman a pris cette habitude 
Et tout cela est arrivé trop vite pour que l'un d'entre nous puisse se ressaisir 
Je regrette seulement que tu es été là aux premières loges pour y assister 
Parce que tout ce que je voulais faire, c'était juste te rendre fière 
Maintenant, je suis assis dans cette maison vide, me remémorant des souvenirs 
En regardant des photos de toi bébé, ça m'a Votre ressemblance m'a ébahie, c'est presque comme si vous étiez soeurs désormais 
Wow, imaginez à quel point vous êtes belles et papa est toujours là 
Laney je parle à toi aussi, papa est toujours là 
J'aime ce son, ouais 
Ca sonne, n'est-ce-pas? 
Chut, maman est seulement parti pour le moment 

Maintenant calme-toi petite fille, ne pleure pas 
Tout ira pour le mieux 
Ne laisse pas ta lèvre supérieure trembler petite dame, je t'ai dit 
Papa est là pour te porter à travers la nuit 
Je sais que maman n'est pas là en ce moment et nous ne savons pas pourquoi 
Nous ressentons comment nous nous sentons à l'intérieur 
Ca doit sembler un peu fou, joli bébé 
Mais je te promets que maman se remettra 

Et si tu le me demandes, 
Papa t'achètera un moqueur 
Je te donnerai le monde 
J'achèterai une bague en diamant rien que pour toi 
Je chanterai pour toi, 
Je ferais n'importe quoi pour te voir sourire 
Et si le moqueur ne chante pas et que la bague ne brille pas 
Je briserai la nuque de cet oiseau 
Je retournerai chez le bijoutier qui te l'avait vendu 
Et lui ferai manger chaque carat jusqu'au dernier 
Ne plaisantez pas avec papa (haha)





Intro: Frogg 

Whoah! 
A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin 'em 
and like, back and forth because ah 
this is.. what you thought it wasn't 
It beez.. the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen 
I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing in background* 
And check out the man he goes by the name of er... 

Verse One: Eminem 

Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady 
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady 
I'm buzzin, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer 
Cursin at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer 



You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from 
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album 
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin out in the open 
I'm doin acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin dope then 
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall) 
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it 
Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin up quick to strip your cash 
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass 
Bitch, I'm comin out swingin, so fast it'll make your eyes spin 
You gettin knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson 
The +Proof+ is in the puddin, just ask the Deshaun Holton 
I'll slit your motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman 

Chorus: 

So when you see me on your block with two glocks 
Screamin _Fuck the World_ like Tupac 
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! 
Talkin that shit behind my back, dirty mackin 
tellin your boys that I'm on crack 
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! 
So put my tape back on the rack 
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack 
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! 
But see me on the street and duck 
Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed 
Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! 

Verse Two: Eminem 

I'm Nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Serch to crush a Miilkbone 
I'm Everlast-ing, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone 
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason 
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin 
Flavor with no seasonin, this is the sneak preview 
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review 
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals 
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols 
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles 
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!) 
Extortion, snortin, supportin abortion 
Pathological liar, blowin shit out of proportion 
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic 
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict 
Half animal, half man 
Dumpin your dead body inside of a fuckin trash can 
With more holes than an Afghan 

Chorus 

Verse Three: Eminem 

Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!) 
I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin like Rage Against the Machine 
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin up while this record is spinnin 
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion 
Fuck droppin the jewel, I'm flippin the sacred treasure 
I'll bite your motherfuckin style, just to make it fresher 
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches 
Sick of naggin bosses bitchin while I'm washin dishes 
In school I never said much, too busy havin a headrush 
Doin too much rush had my face flushed like red blush 
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed 
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team 
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian 
Too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin weed again 
I'm goin up over the curb, drivin on the median 
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in 

Chorus 

Outro: Eminem 

Hey, fuck that! 
Outsidaz.. 
Pace One.. 
Young Zee.. 







[intro] 
[laughing] 
ay yo 50 
what i tell you 
we aint even have to say shit 
they did it 
[laughing] 

[chorus] 
monkey see monkey do 
dont ever make the first move 
just let em' come to you 
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do 
so let em' come to you 
the rest of us follow suit 
monkey see monkey do 
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum 
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come 



now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up 
check-mate motherfucker 
games over 
we won 
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum 

[body] 
it doesnt take much 
for me to raise such a stink up 
when motherfuckers hate your guts 
you aint even gotta say much 
for me to put a pen to a blank sheet of papers 
like smearing blood stains with a paint brush 
i cant explain what it is my brain does 
but however it works its insane 
its plain nutz 
and it aint just my brain thas dangerous 
its a whole combination of things 
it takes nutz 
and im not afriad to raise the stakes up 
i got a million bucks in the banks and 8 trucks 
for anybody who gets on the track and spanks us 
im patiently waiting for the day 
im anxious 
to see the look on ya fake mugs 
when you thugs go bankrupt 
ya drunk 
ya aint tough 
whatever you drank musta just turned ya into some gangstas 
this is me talking motherfucker 
this aint drugs 
you wanna pop, shit wake-up, then make-up 
FUCK THAT 
its too late chump now face up 
i pray for the day that someone who spits with the calliber that nas and jay does 
opens up his jaw to say something or rattle my name off 
or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off 
so i can blow the fuckin dust off of this chainsaw 
and give him the surgery that he came for 
till i pull the paint off 
i never been shot 
but i think me and 50 musta been cut from the same cloth 
cause ive always came off 
like ja's chain 
when they try to rush him and lost 
and came back and gave him a watch in exchange for it 
i dont stop 
the only thing i wait for 
is day that i dont gotta report to probate court 
cause ima give ya all the reason to hate more 
cause ive been holding my tounge till i got a sprained jaw 
alot of rappers on my list that just aint ja 
and ima read that motherfucker off from april 
you pussies think i went soft since 8 mile 
when i come back ill be shootin more than just paint balls 
trust me 

[chorus] 
monkey see monkey do 
dont ever make the first move 
just let em' come to you 
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do 
so let em' come to you 
the rest of us follow suit 
monkey see monkey do 
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum 
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come 
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up 
check-mate motherfucker 
games over 
we won 
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum 

[outro] 
fuckin dummies 
this aint chess 
ya playin motherfuckin checkers 
this shit is all day man its too easy 
we playin chess you playin checkers 
you bout to get ya motherfuckin asses jumped 
fucking punks 
and by the way 
we aint just talking to one person 
we talking to every-motherfucking-body who wants to bring it cause we bringin it to anybody who wants to bring it 
so bring it 
dont pick up the ball if you dont wanna play man 
its all fucked up now 
the fuck im spose to do now? 
huh? 
the fuck im spose to do? 
haha 
yo, we out 




I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America 
And to the Republic for which it stands 
One nation under God 
Indivisible... 
It feels so good to be back.. 

I scrutinize every word, memorize every line 
I spit it once, refuel and re-energize and rewind 
I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind 
I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time 
It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as 
I say to fight, you take it as I'mma whip someone's ass 
If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask 
A father who has grown up with a fatherless past 
Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has 
Or at least shows no difficulty multi-task 
And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft 
Slash entrepreneur who has held onto few more rap acts 
Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half 
Of his career typical manure moving past that 



Mr. kisses ass crack, he's a class act 
Rubber band man, yea he just snaps back 

[Chorus:] 
Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness 
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed 
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength 
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong 
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog 
To the light at the end of the tunnel 
We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march 
Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh 
Take us right through the doors (c'mon) 

All the people up top on the side and the middle 
Come together lets all bomb and swamp just a little 
Just let it gradually build from the front to the back 
All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black 
Don't matter what color, all that matters we gathered together 
To celebrate for the same cause don't matter the weather 
If it rains let it rain, yea the wetter the better 
They ain't gonna stop us they can't, we stronger now more than ever 
They tell us no we say yea, they tell us stop we say go 
Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell we gonna let em know 
Stomp, push, shove, mush, Fuck Bush, until they bring our troops home (c'mon) 

[Chorus] 

Imagine it pouring, it's raining down on us 
Mosh pits outside the oval office 
Someone's tryina tell us something, 
Maybe this is god just sayin' we're responsible 
For this monster, this coward, 
That we have empowered 
This is Bin Laden, look at his head noddin' 
How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists 
Now this is our final hour 
Let me be the voice in your strength and your choice 
Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise 
Try to amplify the times it, and multiply by six... 
Teen million people, Are equal at this high pitch 
Maybe we can reach alqueda through my speech 
Let the president answer a higher anarchy 
Strap him with an Ak-47, let him go, fight his own war 
Let him impress daddy that way 
No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight on our own soil 
No more psychological warfare, to trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal 
If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizing a hero 
Look in his eyes its all lies 
The stars and stripes, they've been swiped, washed out and wiped 
And replaced with his own face, Mosh now or die 
If I get sniped tonight you know why, 
Cause I told you to fight. 

[Chorus] 

And as we proceed, 
To Mosh through this desert storm,
In these closing statements, if they should argue 
Let us beg to differ 
As we set aside our differences 
And assemble our own army 
To disarm this Weapon of Mass Destruction 
That we call our President, for the present 
And Mosh for the future of our next generation 
To speak and be heard 
Mr. President, Mr. Senator 
Do you guy's hear us...hear us...[laughing] (Hailie)

Intro (Bizarre): 
Detroit, Motown 
Hey, guess what 
They gave us a super bowl this year an you know what happened 

Chorus: 
Robbin, shootin', killin', 
Murder (Murder, murdeeeerrrr) 
Robbin, shootin', killin', 
Murder (Murder, murdeeeerrrr) 

Verse 1 (Bizarre): 
Hennyed up, remmyed up, ski mask, black truck 
Dickie outfit, passenger side (Mr Grip Pump), 
Fuck it i just did 2 lines 
A chrome tech nine, 
It'll tear out niggas spine 
It's a party, go on in an have fun, 
Cause after it's over all you goin' hear is 
(gunshots) 



Shootin', blassin', 
Hittin' the floor, $10,000 in the safe, 
Shit I'm about to score 
Cause I'm dangerous off angel dust, 
Shyt I'll bust, even the bitch that came wit us 
An this is for my niggass that be robbin' an stealin', carjackin, murder one's 
an fucken drug dealin's 

Chorus: 

Robbin, shootin', killin' 
Murder (Murder, murdeeeerrrr) 
Robbin, shootin', killin' 
Murder (Murder, murdeeeerrrr) 

Verse 2 (Kuniva): 
I stumble in the club blowed, 
9mm cocked, somethins' tellin' me to stop, 
Fuck it, i aint see the cops 
*****'s don't believe it 
'till they see it's out, 
Stupid motherfuckers wanna take a scenic route 
Now the heaters out, 
bitches scream like i pulled my penis out 
Beggin' me to put that big motherfucker away, 
But the demons out 
Everybody on the floor, 
Come out of that mink, 
Come out of them diamonds 
And you come out of that valuer 
Party is over, shut the fuck down, 
Cut the music, matter of fact turn it back it up, 
Shit i can use it 
I need the noise, 
In case i have to let a couple off, 
Saw another icy chain, 
Walked over an tugged it off 
Gimme that buttersoft, 
They say she buyin' out the bar, 
You can buy my drinks for today an tomorrow 
I'm out for the paper, 
My homie better hide them jewels,
I'm in the game starvin' an i playin' by the rules 

Chorus: 
Robbin, shootin', killin' 
Murder (Murder, murdeeeerrrr) 
Robbin, shootin', killin' 
Murder (Murder, murdeeeerrrr) 

Outro (Eminem & 50 Cent): 
S-s-s-s-s-shady 






* the original appears on Eminem's "Slim Shady EP" on Web Entertainment 

Chorus: Eminem (repeat 4X) 

It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote) 
It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked) 

[Eminem] 
Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand 
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman 
Fuck a peace plan, if a citizen bystands 
the shit is in my hands, here's yo' lifespan 
And for what yo' life's worth, this money is twice than 
Grab a couple grand and lamp in Iceland 
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan 
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin 
Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin 
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin 



I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan 
Maybe I need my head inside straightened 
Brain contemplatin, clean out the register 
Dip before somebody catches ya 
or gets your description and sketches ya 
The connection was the prime suspect 
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet 
Cause I got a daughter to feed 
And $200 ain't enough to water the seed 
The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell and hit up Chess King 
And have the lady at the desk bring 
money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin the Mac 
Cooperate, and we can operate, and save an attack 
This bitch tried escapin the jack 
Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote 
You barely heard a word as she choked 
It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked 
But I slammed her on her back til her vertebrae broke 
Just then the pigs bust in yellin "Freeze" 
But I'm already wanted for sellin ki's 
And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin bees 
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees 
I bust shots, they bust back 
Hit be square in the chest, wasn't wearin a vest 
Left the house, pullin out the drive backin out 
Blew the back end out this lady's Jag, started blackin out 
Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face 
Shut your yackin mouth, 'fore I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp 
Drug her by her hair, smacked her up 
Thinkin fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up 
Stole her car, made a profit 
Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window 
Like the girl in "Set It Off" did 
Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal 
Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin pool 
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio 
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though 
Parents screamin: "Son, go in and call the police 
Tell em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!" 
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up 
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff 
Actin like they never seen nobody hit a ;ick before 
Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64 
When they sell out in stores the price triples 
I ran up the block jumpin kids on tricycles 
and collided with an 80-year old lady with groceries 
There goes cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties 
Stood up and started to see stars 
Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars 
Barely escaped, must-a been some dumb luck 
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin dump truck 
But I think somebody seen me maybe 
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I musta dropped the Beanie Baby 
Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits 
Came out with a white flag hollerin "TRUCE TRUCE" 
and surrendered my weapon to cops 
Wasn't me! It was the gangster rap and the peppermint Schnapps 

Chorus 

Chorus (repeats again to fade) 






[Intro ] 

Ohh! 
Yeah! 
So much for first single on this one

[ Verse 1 ] 

Shady's the lable 
Aftermath is a stable 
That the horses come out errp 
Of course we're about to stir up 
Some shit as thick as mrs butterworths syrup 
It's the mr. picked on Christopher Reeves 
Just for no reason other than just to tease him 
Cause he was his biggest (burp) fan He used to be Superman 
Now im pourin liquor on the crib in his name for him 
Eminem you wait till' we meet up again 



Fucker I'm kickin your ass for everything you've ever said 
It's one for the money two for the fuckin show 
Ready get set, let's go 
Here comes the buckin bronco , stompin and stampedin up the damn street 
Like them buffalo soldiers, I told ya I'm about to blow 
So look out below, jeronimo, motherfuckers its dominos 
I'm on a roll, around and around I go 
When will I stop? I don't know 
Tryna pick up where the Eminem Show left off 
But I know anything's possible 
Though I'm not gonna top what I sold 
I'm at the top of my game 
That shit is not gonna change 
Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team 
I'll get away with murder 
I'm like o.j . he's like my cochran today 
We keep them mark freman tapes 
In a safe, locked them away 
Better watch what you say 
Just when you thought you were safe 
Them fuckers got you on tape 
You swear to god you was playin 
Whether or not you was little Joshua 
Gosh I wish I coulda told you to not do the same 
Cause one day it could cost you your name 

[ Chorus ] 

And this was supposed to be my first single 
But I just fucked that up so, 
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle 
Slap a bitch and smack a ho 
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle 
That you hear on your radio 
But shit's about to hit the shingle 
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah 
Oh Ah Oh Ah 
Oh Ah Oh Ah 
Poo Poo ka ka 

[ Verse 2 ] 

Erra Erra Eric swallowed some generic sleeping pills 
And woke up in bed next to his best friend Derick bare naked 
jig-aig-ji-ji janean just turned 
16 and used a fake id 
To sneak in V.I.P. to see R. Kelly 
Hehehehehe, to be so young and naive 
Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and care free 
Paris and Nikki's parents must be so tickled to cherish 
Every picture with their kids with hickeys all over their necks 
Hickory Dickory derk diggler 
Look at me work wizardry with these words 
Am I a jerk or just jerk chicken 
Or Chicka chicka chicka chicka jer jer jerkin the chain 
22 jerks in a jerk circle 
Or is it a circle jerk or wait a minute 
What am I sayin, allow me to run it back and rewind it 
wait a minute let me ask you again
Am I just jerkin the chain 
Am I bizerk or insane 
Or am I just one of them damn amateurs 
Workin the damn camera filmin one of them 
Paris Hilton home made pornos 
Who keeps tiltin the lens at an angle 
Chicka Chicka 
Just recently somebody just discovered 
Britney and Justin videotapes of them fuckin 
When they were just mouseketeers in the Mickey Mouse club 
And dusted them and went straight to The Source with them 
Cause they coulda sworn someone said Nuh- 
And then tried to erase and record over it 
But if you listen close enough to it you can hear the 
Uh Uh and then the come-to-find-out-it-was-Justin 
Sayin im gon"nuh" come ' 
and this was 

[ Chorus ] 

supposed to be my first single 
But I just fucked that up so, 
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle 
Slap a bitch and smack a ho 
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle 
That you hear on your radio 
But shit's about to hit the shingle 
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah 
Oh Ah Oh Ah 
Oh Ah Oh Ah 
Poo Poo Ca Ca 

[ Verse 3 ] 

Any opinions or somethin you just wanna get off your chest 
And address it about my lyrics I'd love to hear it 
All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number
It's 1-800-I'm a dick sucker I love to suck a dick 
And if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me
Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key 
And I'll be sure to get back 
As soon as there comes a day that I fall out with Dre 
Wake up gay, make up with Ray (Hey!) 
So fuck a chicken, and lick a chicken, and suck a chicken, 
Beat a chicken, eat a chicken like it's a big cock , big a big cock 
Or suck a dick, and lick a dick and eat a dick 
And stick a dick in your mouth 
I'm done you can fuck off 
fucka-fucka offf! 

[ Chorus ] 

And this was supposed to be my first single 
But I just fucked that up so, 
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle 
Slap a bitch and smack a ho 
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle 
That you hear on your radio 
But shit's about to hit the shingle 
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah 
Oh Ah Oh Ah 
Oh Ah Oh Ah 
Poo Poo Ca Ca 




[ Intro ] [ Eminem ] 

Ballz, Ballz, Ballz x2 
You'll never touch my... 

[ Chorus ] [ Eminem ] 

Catch me if you can but you ain't man enough, 
You're standin' tough 
But you know that no matter what 
You'll never get the chance to touch 
My ballz, ballz, ballz x2 
You'll never touch my ballz 

[ Verse 1 ] [ Swifty McVay ] 

I see you ain't a playa, you ain't ballin' 
And I don't even care who the hell you call in 
In this game, it ain't no talkin' 
You can get it started, I nail the coffin 



And all I here is "get your man up off him" 
So why I gotta stop it, this nigga was talkin' 
And I ain't gotta prove you nothin' 
I do it and you ain't gotta push my buttons 

[ Verse 2 ] [ Bizarre ] 

This dude in front of me, he weighs a brick 
He's quick and I can't get Marshall hit 
So I played my position and don't make a move 
Been doin' this for years, my team can't lose 
And ain't nobody, ain't nobody hard 
9 o'clock, I'm gonna punch me a guard 
Hut one, hut two, I'm ready 
Hike, give the ball to Nelly 
And nobody out there feels me 
Take this 'fore you have to kill me 
And any player in my way, I'm foldin' 
Damn it, called holdin' 

[ Chorus ] [ Eminem ] 

[ Verse 3 ] [ Eminem ] 

Football, Football, I love football 
Yes, tres, dos, uno 
Dos, tres, fuck, shit, bitch, asshole son of a bitch 
Everybody cuddle, blah I mean huddle 
I just stepped in a mud puddle, butthole 
Freak, who just tapped on my ass cheek 
Nevermind, let's try quarterback sneak 
Cover me, smother me with love that's brotherly 
That didn't work, try another play 
Hut one, hut two, hut hut hurry up 
I'm reachin' up another grown man's butt 
Hike the ball, I mean I like Bizarre 
But Jesus yikes, I think I can feel his balls 
My dick is long as it is hard, yeah so are my balls 
It's the longest yard, whoops that's not the chorus 
Run it back, wrong song, yeah disreguard 
That whole statement I just made, what yard line we on? 
Our on 5 and our timeouts are gone 
Less than a minute left, I just throw my ball 
Down the sideline to Von, he steps outta bounds 
48 seconds left on the clock but every last one counts 
Call another huddle, we're down by six 
The plan is, to throw the ball to Swift 
But he's so god dang high, that he's trips 
Falls and slips, Proof grabs him by his fingertips 
And runs the ball all the way down to the one 
But he don't get in, but all we need is a put ??? 
But all we need is a touch down and an extra point to win 
But then I get sacked all the way back to the ten 
God dammit I'ma slap somebody if I get tapped on the ass again 
Everybody's laughin' now, no timeouts and its now fourth down 
We're never gonna make it, wait I just got an idea 
Quick, everybody get naked, Denaun go long 
I'ma throw the bomb, c?mon how they gonna tackle you wit no pants on 
Ass out with a floppin' schlong, touch down yeah I told you.... 
It's the longest yard 

[ Chorus ] [ Eminem ] 

[ Verse 4 ] [ Kuniva ] 

The new face on the yard, just hand me the ball 
I'ma run through all of ya'll, ya'll just soft 
Even though my cleats is kickin' up mud 
It's more traction for me, I'm stiff armin' punks 
High steppin' through the end zone 
I been gone, I'm so dirty you don't even know my skin tone 
It's time to rumble, no time to fumble 
And I won't stumble, your frontline will tumble 
Playin' ball with killas, my team's gorillas 
Three time offenders, even drug dealers 
One of the best runnin' backs there never was 
Movin' like Barry Sanders, leavin' you in the dust 

[ Verse 5 ] [ Proof ] 

Yack is high, I got the highest yack
Hit the ground so hard I leave tire tracks 
Bizarre snaps like a fire crack 
And my palm more stickier than spider back 
Eyin' my eye, a Mack Truck tryin to sack us 
No matter how big they flyin' backwards 
Wide reciever, recievin' wide 
For every stride in my life, I breathe and die 

[ Verse 6 ] [ Kon Artis ] 

Defense is playin' a pass 
Then the quarterback peeps and screams 
That means that its time for me 
To run out the back like a bat straight outta hell 
My tracks burn turf when they excell 
I try to lateral pass the ball to Proof 
He got dropped and the ball came loose 
And shot up like a flare, I gave the ball a stare 
And use my lineman's shoulder as a chair 
Now I'm flyin' through the air like a superhero 
I can use this pose for a box of cereal 
I'm no joke punk, I get my dinerio 
For bein' the best player on my team what 
As soon as I hear the hut 1, 2, hut 
I do one run, run, the screen go run run 
Then I cut, spin around in the endzone 
Then I do the ninety shuffle so 

[ Chorus ] [ Eminem ] 

[ Outro ] [ Eminem ] 

Footballs 
I'm talkin' about footballs dude 




Eminem 
I don't know dude. I think everyone's all jealous an shit, cuz Im like, the lead singer of the band, dude. And I think everybody's got a fuckin problem with me, dude. And they need to take it up with me after the show. 

(Chorus) 
Because, 
These chicks don't even know the name of my band 
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands 
Cuz once I blow they know that Ill be the man 
All because I'm the lead singer of my band 

Eminem 
So I get off stage right? 
Drop the mic 
Walk up to these hot chicks and I'm all like, 
'Sup, ladies? My name's Slim Shady 
I'm the lead singer of D12 baby.' 
They're all like, 
'Oh my God it's him! 
Becky Oh my fucking God it's Eminem! 
I swear to fucking God dude, you fucking rock 



Please Marshall please, let me suck your cock!' 
And by now, the rest of the fellas get jealous 
ESPECIALLY WHEN I DROP THE BEAT AND DO MY OCUPELLAS 
All the chicks start yellin' All the hot babes 
Throw their bras and their shirts and their panties on stage 
So like every single night they pick a fight with me 
But when we fight It's kinda like sibling rivalry 
Cuz they're back on stage the next night with me 
Dude I just think they're tryin to steal the light from me 
Yesterday Kuniva tried to pull a knife on me 
Cuz I told him Jessica Albas my wife to be 
This rockstar shit is the life for me 
And all the other guys just despise me 
Because these 

(Chorus) 

My band, my band 
My band, my band 
My band, my band 
My band, my band 
MY BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND BABY! 

Swifty 
You just want to see a nigga backwards dontcha? 
Hey man how come we dont rap on Protools? 
And smash these vocals and do a performance 
But we in a van, and he in a tour bus 
You want my autograph you's a liar 
No I'm Swift (Oh I thought you was Kuniva) 
And what the hell is wrong with our dressing room? 
Cuz our shit is lookin smaller than a decimal 
See I know how to rap, Its simple but 
All I did, was read a Russel Simins book 
So Im more intact, tryin to get on the map 
Doin jumpin jacks while gettin whipped on my back 

Kuniva & Kon Artis 
K:Look at Em little punk ass, thinkin he the shit 
KA:Yeah I know, man, by himself takin all the pics 
K:Hey, I thought we had an interview with DJ Clue 
Eminem:No, I had an interview 
Not you two 
K:You gon be late for sound check 
KA:Man, I ain't goin to sound check
K:But our mics are screwed up 
KA:And his always sound best 
You know what man? Ima say som'm 
K:Aiyo Em! 
Eminem:YOU GOT SOM'M TO SAY?
KA:Man, nothin 
K:I thought you was about to tell him off, man whasup? 
KA:Man, Ima tell him when I feel like and man shut up 
You ain't even back me up and were supposed to be crew 
K:Man, I was 'bout to talk right after you, I swear! (I swear man!) 

(chorus) 

Proof 
They say the lead singers hot 
But the group is not 
Once they've sold our arenas to amusement parks 
Im gon let the world know that Proof is hot 
I should cut him mike off when the music starts 
Eminem:AIYO ITS- 
Proof:Ready to snap on a dumbass fan 
Every time I hear 'HEY DUDE I LOVE YOUR BAND!' 
We aint a band bitch 
We don't play instruments 
So why he get 90 and we only get 10 percent 
Of these guys actin funny over area codes 
Eminem:Proof carry my bag! 
Proof:Bitch carry your own 
Can't make it to the stage 
security in the way 
Fans:WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU? WHERE'S OBIE AND DRE? 

Bizarre 
Goddamnit Im sick of this group 
Its time for me to go solo and make some loot 
I told you I made the beats wrote all the raps 
til Kon Artis slipped me some crack 
Lose yourself video (I was in the back) 
Superman video (I was in the back)
For the media, I got some suggestions 
Fuck Marshall, ask us some questions 
Like who is D12, how we get started? 
Reporter:But what about Eminem? 
Bizarre:Bitch, are you retarded? 
Anyway, Im the popularest guy in the group 
Big ass stomach, bitches think Im cute 
Fitty told me do sit ups to get buff 
Did two and a half and couldnt get up 
Fuck D12 Im outta this band 
Im bout to start a group with the real Roxanne 

Eminem 
Girl why cant you see you're the 

D12 
Only one for me and it just 

Eminem 
Tears my ass apart to know that, 
You don't know my naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaame (punch) 

Bizarre 
These chicks don't even know the name of my band (Haha!) 
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands (Fuck Marshall) 
Cuz once I blow I know that Ill be the man (Yeah) 
All because I'm the lead singer of my 

Eminem and Bizarre 
My band, my band 
My band, my band 
My band, my band 
My band, my band 
MY BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND BABY! 

Eminem 
Im the lead singer of my band 
I get all the girls to take off their underpants 
Im the lead singer of my band 
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
My salsa 
Look out for my next single it's called 
My salsa 
My salsa salsa salsa salsa 
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
and take off their underpants 
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
and take off their underpants 
My salsa 

Where'd everybody go? 




